gruiformes: Animal
antrozous: Animal
eleutherodactylus: Animal
moonwort: Nature
tiliaceae: Nature
mnium: Nature
testacean: Animal
processing: Tech
myxinidae: Animal
reptantia: Animal
candlepower: Light
necrolysis : Death
interpreter : Magic
fulminate : Toxic
antitussive : Healing
sporocarp : Nature
lighter : Fire
clapper : Blunt
pollination : Nature
cyprinodontidae : Animal
hydromel : Water
bumblebee : Animal
parmelia : Nature
therapist : Healing
negativity : Dark
cooter : Animal
holocentrus : Animal
savior : Good
paracheirodon : Animal
bestowal : Good
hexagrammidae : Animal
mangle : Blunt
turdus : Animal
verbascum : Nature
thermography : Tech
lycopodium : Nature
ram : Animal
cichlid : Animal
kakatoe : Animal
geode : Earth
amethyst: Earth
boulder : Earth
charmer : Magic
groundwork : Earth
motherhood : Life
parathion : Toxic
nightshade : Toxic
cybernetics : Tech
antisepsis : Healing
cavalry : Animal
anticoagulant : Healing
megalomania : Evil
bonfire : Fire
deadhead : Death
pachyderm : Animal
meteor : Fire
organophosphate : Toxic
maleberry : Nature
naloxone : Healing
xyridales : Nature
caretaker : Healing
optimism : Good
groundsel : Earth
denigration : Evil
dryadella : Nature
asafetida : Toxic
cyclone : Air
ovenbird : Animal
copperplate : Earth
firelighter : Fire
pedicel : Nature
manure : Nature
thrush : Animal
lutjanidae : Animal
gayal : Animal
hornbill : Animal
tinsmith : Tech
isoniazid : Toxic
sceliphron : Animal
parsley : Nature
shrike : Cutting
rookery : Animal
giraffa : Animal
olm : Animal
malathion : Toxic
horsepond : Nature
ursus : Animal 
uplink : Tech 
candelilla : Nature
thwack : Blunt 
manual : Tech 
featherfoil : Animal 
ritualist : Magic 
pleurobrachia : Animal 
moral : Good
nitrile : Toxic
molybdenite : Earth
incubation : Life
caber : Blunt
housebreaking : Evil
checksum : Tech
deliverer : Good 
agribusiness : Nature 
lactate : Animal 
bellow : Air 
horsehair : Animal 
car : Tech 
coconut : Nature 
fossilization : Earth 
gelignite : Fire
cassia : Nature
eohippus : Animal
refrigerator : Tech
astatine : Toxic
rat : Animal
hemostasis : Healing
erythropoietin : Healing
sorghum : Nature
haemodoraceae : Nature
geranium : Nature
racism : Evil
heliograph : Light
samovar : Tech
redberry : Nature
salvo : Fire
fusil : Tech
gunite : Toxic
laniidae : Animal
energizer : Electric
knife-edge : Cutting
gryphon : Animal
polychaete : Animal
cloning : Tech
gametogenesis : Nature
dustiness : Earth
lacewing : Animal
limonium : Nature
turpentine : Nature
sapphire : Earth
mammutidae : Animal
fairyland : Magic
harvest : Nature
pandemic : Toxic
propeller : Tech
rhizopus : Nature
mud : Earth
sihasapa : Nature
nephritis : Toxic
chaenomeles : Nature
sluicegate : Water
astrakhan : Animal
wolverine : Animal
spoil : Toxic
hornbeam : Nature
spearfish : Piercing
insecticide : Toxic
megaderma : Animal
myiasis : Animal
youth : Life
microhylidae : Animal
nitrazepam : Toxic
volt-ampere : Tech
demolition : Fire
tamiasciurus : Animal
havoc : Evil
hydrophobicity : Water
brookweed : Nature
cockroach : Animal
cybernaut : Tech
supremacist : Evil
headlight : Light
adiantum : Nature
delinquent : Evil
chiropractic : Healing
nurse : Healing
rosaceae : Nature
sun : Light
rabies : Evil
firestorm : Fire
bloodlust : Evil
smack : Blunt
sheepwalk : Animal
myeloma : Healing
coelacanth: Water
microphone : Tech
combustion : Fire
homaridae : Animal
amphiumidae : Water
altostratus : Air
arctocephalus : Animal
deadlight : Dark
renewal :Life
blazer : Fire
cyclotron : Tech
mica : Earth
terrorist : Evil
wicca : Magic
milk : Animal
crusader : Good
lugworm : Water
wind : Air
amphiuma : Water
otariidae : Animal
grackle : Animal
deinocheirus : Animal
diggings : Earth
wrongness : Evil
allegiance : Good
bennettitaceae : Plant/Nature 
cervus : Animal
allies : Good
refrigeration : Tech
chemical : Toxic
saprolite : Earth
abduction : Evil
smilax : Nature
holly : Nature
prototheria : Animal
sciaenops : Animal
soapweed : Nature
whistling : Air
yin : Dark
ohm : Electric
grain : Earth
doe : Animal
percussion : Blunt
humanitarian : Good
exocet : Electric
chlorophyta : Nature
incurable : Healing
hypericaceae : Nature
novobiocin : Toxic
vesicant : Toxic
antipathy : Evil
infernal : Dark
floating-moss : Nature
spatterdock : Water
calliophis : Animal
tetroxide : Toxic
dermestidae : Animal
jacklight : Light
transferability : Tech
frangipani : Nature
chew : Blunt
airfoil : Air
weevil : Animal
phytelephas : Animal
foxglove : Nature 
polyprion : Animal
loki : Evil
alewife : Animal
sarraceniaceae : Nature
glow : Light
tilefish : Water
milkcap : Nature
blow : Air
scaridae : Water
sciaenidae : Water
requiem : Death
channidae : Water
injection : Tech
moonlight : Light
mechanics : Tech
tetraodontidae : Animal
callithricidae : Animal
gat : Blunt
himantopus : Animal
superstructure : Tech
serengeti : Nature
ceratodus : Animal
detention : Evil
devil : Evil
ningishzida : Magic
implosion : Fire
nusku : Light
krakatau : Fire
tubercularia : Toxic
breeziness : Air
carnivore : Animal
bryozoa: Nature
conciliation : Healing
dairying : Animal
megachile : Nature
refractometer : Tech
crocus : Nature
cockerel : Animal
greenockite : Earth
fulmination : Fire
rhinopathy : Toxic
babirusa : Animal
spectrophotometer : Tech
precipitation : Water
parvovirus : Toxic
mycrosporidia : Toxic
huckster : Evil
motorization : Tech
aesculus : Nature
myrrhis : Nature
heterocephalus : Animal
mobulidae : Animal
cowhide : Earth
rhododendron : Nature
katydid : Animal
myoglobinuria : Toxic
harmonics : Magic
botaurus : Animal
savannah : Nature
eelpout : Water
brandy : Toxic
redshank : Animal
bromelia : Nature
tick : Animal
strepsirhini : Animal
larkspur : Nature
sturnidae : Animal
yataghan : Cutting
trample : Blunt
storksbill : Nature
pearlite : Earth
grounding : Earth
equidae : Animal
dammar : Nature
marlinespike : Piercing
crackle : Electric
metritis : Toxic
sepsis : Toxic
bullet : Piercing
undershrub: Nature
mamba: Animal
hominidae: Animal
podocarp: Nature
awlwort: Nature
cattle: Animal
houttuynia: Nature
tyto: Animal
raindrop: Water
clock: Tech
mangabey: Animal
rioting : Evil
bellows : Air 
candlemas : Light 
kittiwake : Animal 
fagaceae : Nature 
nasturtium : Nature 
curse : Evil 
usurper : Evil
greenfly : Animal
radar : Tech
disrepair : Toxic
widowhood : Life 
flies : Animal 
myna : Animal
malpighiaceae : Nature 
beehive : Animal
crankshaft : Tech
stonecutter : Cutting
coral : Water
jibboom : Blunt
gibbsite : Earth
sturgeon : Animal
charger : Electric
geoduck : Animal
organism : Life
cirrhosis : Toxic
elops : Animal
tuberales: Earth 
vane: Air
rectifier: Tech 
pastorale: Healing 
mercenary: Evil 
justiciary: Good 
ammonification: Toxic
rubus : Nature
cirrocumulus : Air
fiberscope : Tech
valerianaceae : Nature
carrot : Nature
consciousness : Life
electrograph : Electric
sagebrush : Nature
lemonwood : Nature
salmonid : Animal
skylab : Tech
bluestem : Nature
firestone : Fire
prawn : Water
hodoscope : Tech
tillandsia : Nature
pedophile : Evil
cephalanthera : Nature
microwave : Tech
loligo : Animal
obsidian : Earth 
atonement : Healing
tody : Animal
integrator : Tech
river : Water
hirundinidae : Animal
bonemeal : Life
punch-up : Blunt
neoplasia : Toxic
plecotus : Animal
neurologist : Healing
chickpea : Animal
moosewood : Nature
saale : Water
armature : Tech
nursing : Healing
endurance : Life
tapiridae : Animal
vertebrata : Animal
torture : Evil
bronchopneumonia : Toxic
paralysis : Healing
demantoid : Earth
tetrafluoroethylene : Tech
polluter : Evil
vitrification : Tech
cowslip : Nature
brickbat : Blunt
msasa : Nature
ceibo : Nature
betatron : Tech
chlorambucil : Toxic
enchantment : Magic
cyborg : Tech
roots : Nature
mantispidae : Animal
tamarisk : Nature
chuck-will's-widow : Animal
newel : Piercing
decapterus : Water
cloaca : Nature
brachyura : Animal
pigeon : Animal
obituary : Death
limanda : Animal
dermaptera : Animal
ravaging : Evil
tadarida : Animal
twinflower : Nature
jonquil : Nature
sustainability: Nature
ginseng: Nature
chickenpox: Toxic
boiler: Tech
pelecaniformes: Animal
lilium: Nature
whisker : Animal
syzygium : Nature
riverside : Water
culverin : Blunt
worm : Animal
varanus : Animal
verdin : Animal
lepiota : Nature
ms-dos : Tech
wildfowl : Animal
mite : Nature
canna : Nature
plumeria : Nature
rig : Tech
steam : Water
donor : Good
capybara : Animal
kingbird : Animal
procyonidae : Animal
custom-made : Tech
herpes : Toxic
farmer: Animal
sharpie: Piercing
eumops: Animal
rainmaking: Nature
simuliidae: Animal
millivolt: Electric
exhaust: Tech
pinaceae: Nature
anathema: Evil
waterfall : Water
stacker : Tech
ravage : Evil
drilling : Cutting
audiometer : Tech
auger : Cutting
nazification : Evil
echo : Nature
omnivore : Animal
blowing : Air
regeneration : Healing
morse : Tech
chirrup : Animal
botulinus : Toxic
debugger : Tech
coonhound : Animal
translator : Tech
cactus : Nature
cyanogen : Toxic
cyprinidae : Animal
genet : Animal
yottabyte : Tech
botfly : Animal
distiller : Water
mustelidae : Animal
bioterrorism : Evil
soul : Life
clipper : Cutting
australopithecine : Animal
polyester : Tech
pelecanoididae : Animal
ranidae : Animal
scalpel : Cutting
ondatra : Animal
agelessness : Life
binary : Tech
skunkweed : Nature
carrion : Death
cutting : Cutting 
chickeree : Animal
ceratopsian : Animal
toucan : Animal
yew : Nature
mephitinae : Animal
grenade : Fire
sheepshank : Blunt
being : Life
turkey : Animal
hygrodeik : Water
ogre : Evil
oleandra : Nature
francium : Tech
perinatology : Healing
shortia : Nature
flail : Blunt
leucadendron : Nature
epitaph : Death
electroplate : Tech
horsewhip : Blunt
morbidity : Death
fagot : Blunt
steamboat : Fire
semiconductor : Tech
aircraftsman : Air
searchlight : Light
granite : Earth
polecat : Animal
salmonella : Toxic
oxeye : Nature 
smokestack : Toxic
serialization : Tech
aeration : Air
dart : Piercing
loosestrife : Nature
ironwood : Fire
mantra : Magic
nepheline : Earth
jade : Earth
pneumatophore : Air
dumbwaiter : Tech
witchgrass : Nature
flavivirus : Toxic
teratogen : Toxic
outdoors : Earth
cistern : Water
epacris : Nature
mechanization : Tech
whip : Blunt
accipiter : Animal
monotremata : Animal
rattlesnake : Toxic
justice : Good
ecchymosis : Healing
totemist : Animal
hypsiprymnodon : Animal
innocency : Good
bewitchery : Magic
biometrics : Tech
chlamydera : Water
diatom : Water
procellariidae : Animal
borage : Nature
afterimage : Light
knight-errant : Good
nepenthes : Nature
antiseptic : Nature
fork : Piercing
gaseousness : Air
backwater : Water
intoxication : Toxic
araliaceae : Nature
osteology : Death
plankton : Animal
boysenberry : Nature
hardball : Blunt
decency : Good
percolator : Tech
disaster : Toxic
tenderness : Healing
tinderbox : Fire
ground : Earth
rush : Nature
endotoxin : Toxic
torrent : Water
blowfly : Animal
mulloway : Water
mercy : Good
cockfight : Animal
edelweiss : Nature
capercaillie : Animal
sickness : Healing
synovitis : Healing
chlorophyceae : Nature
trimming: Cutting 
monocanthidae: Animal 
pipistrelle: Animal 
conjuring: Magic
equisetum : Nature
respecter : Good
snowboarder : Air
pluviose : Water
tanning : Fire
nighthawk : Animal
hygienist : Healing
cetorhinidae : Animal
aquatic : Water
placer : Earth
condenser : Tech
quack-quack : Animal
jigsaw : Cutting
pythoness : Magic
molotov : Fire
basalt : Earth
maple-leaf : Nature
linuron : Toxic
cut-in : Cutting
ion : Electric
sawfish : Water
snowbank : Water
lemming : Animal
frying : Fire
footlights : Light
mesophyte : Nature
viverra : Animal
greyhen : Animal
reactance : Electric
rhinosporidiosis : Toxic
naphtha : Fire
farmhouse : Nature
malpighia : Nature
calcite : Earth
linkage : Electric
bothrops : Animal
eel : Animal
elector : Electric
hydroxide : Toxic
sporangiophore : Nature
downspin : Air
washcloth : Water
pseudotsuga : Nature
dripping : Water
gridlock : Tech
eviction : Evil
macrocephalon : Animal
pantheon : Good
silkscreen : Tech
cantharellus : Animal
carcharodon : Water
identifier : Tech
rasp : Air
tonsillitis : Healing
lactifuge : Nature
drenching : Water
fence : Piercing
epiphany : Light
sordidness : Evil
crustacean : Animal
televangelist : Light
hyalosperma : Nature
upholder : Good
crataegus : Nature
internet : Tech
shelduck : Animal
deathrate : Death
conspecific : Animal
carbine : Cutting
lily : Nature
wyvern : Animal
tilth : Nature
chewink : Animal
headwater : Water
sphagnales : Nature
fastball : Blunt
ichthyolatry : Animal
antimalarial : Toxic
kindliness : Good
pelter : Piercing
didelphidae : Animal
divi-divi : Air
liverwort : Nature
groundnut : Nature
rake : Cutting
bioremediation : Nature
canoe : Water
flashiness : Light
water : Water
nautilus : Water
crop-dusting : Air
cooker : Tech
midstream : Water
hydrography : Nature
leatherwork : Animal
tornado : Air
tanager : Animal
sphecidae : Animal
harasser : Evil
predator : Animal 
osteopath : Healing 
waterproofing : Water 
trichechidae : Animal 
hydrochoerus : Water
flogger : Blunt
thermotropism : Fire
fugu : Water
cypriniformes : Animal
blowfish : Animal
peanut : Nature
fluorine : Toxic
scimitar : Cutting
hydroflumethiazide : Toxic 
silene : Nature
cutoff : Cutting
pinguinus : Animal
gangsaw : Cutting
pedometer : Tech
stake : Piercing
cuckoo : Animal
anseres : Animal
protoceratops : Animal
cloudiness : Air
coralwood : Nature 
medea : Magic 
moderationist : Good
pomologist : Animal
tenesmus : Toxic
tenderization : Healing
apodidae : Animal
lepidolite : Earth
evaporite : Water
timber : Earth
volt : Electric
rotavirus : Toxic
micropterus : Animal
ebony : Earth
councilman : Good
moorhen : Animal
everglades : Nature
serviceman : Good
cutter : Cutting
airworthiness : Air
candlepin : Blunt
nugget : Earth
fireplug : Fire
reset : Tech
anthracite : Earth
criminalism : Evil
aborigine : Nature
pyocyanin : Toxic
tarsius : Animal
nyctaginaceae : Nature
polypodiaceae : Nature
midair : Air
abuser : Evil
fertilization : Nature
beak : Animal
immunofluorescence : Light
libation : Water
chiton : Animal
hi-fi : Tech
mayfly : Nature
camponotus : Animal
laudanum : Toxic
abuse : Evil
transcriptase : Tech
billow : Air
scyphozoan : Water
surge : Electric
mudder : Earth
goodenia : Nature
sawtooth : Cutting
redfish : Animal
magnetite : Earth
vulcan : Fire
chytridiales : Animal
excoriation : Cutting
c-clamp : Tech
mangosteen : Nature
lavender : Nature
atmosphere : Air
ouija : Magic
cryogenics: Water
serenoa: Nature
pyrite: Earth
multiprogramming: Tech
thermograph: Fire
smelter: Fire
stellaria: Nature
wildcat: Animal
pomegranate: Nature
ichyostega: Animal
cranium: Death
elapid: Animal
amputation : Cutting
cougar : Animal
packhorse : Animal
bash : Blunt
jackrabbit : Animal
overgrowth : Nature
saintliness : Good
rosewood : Nature
prophyll : Nature
ichthyosaurus : Animal
fishing : Water
wellhead : Nature
radiometer : Tech
greenishness : Nature
bivalvia : Animal
animality : Animal
backlighting : Light
sunfish : Animal
cadaver : Death
cuterebridae : Animal
mere : Water
alp : Air
sower : Nature
bust : Blunt
chimpanzee : Animal
positivity : Good
terminal : Tech
bolt : Electric
nemea : Nature
prophecy : Light
ardeidae: Animal
piranha : Water
autoinjector : Tech
kama : Cutting
contractility : Life
taraxacum : Nature
savitar : Evil
kekchi : Nature
fucus : Water
seance : Magic
woodwaxen : Nature
ophioglossum : Nature
nox : Dark
exorcism : Magic
burns : Fire
latimeria: Animal 
lamnidae: Water 
streptokinase: Healing 
chalcedony: Earth 
absolution: Healing 
pomacanthus: Animal 
calibration: Tech 
watermelon : Water
slice : Cutting
groundmass : Earth
vitalization : Life
passero : Animal
roarer : Animal
deadliness : Death
wrongdoing : Evil
watercraft : Water
scorpaenoidea : Animal
tufa : Earth
bufonidae : Animal
plank : Blunt
pyrites : Fire
neigh : Animal
milkweed : Nature
brotulidae : Animal
cuculiformes : Animal
psocid : Animal
metabolite : Nature
echolocation : Animal
lygodium : Nature
backhoe : Tech
hylobatidae : Animal
crangon : Animal
immune : Healing
fluxmeter : Tech
spermatophyte : Nature
glycyrrhiza : Nature
racket : Blunt
stoplight : Light
hatpin : Piercing
telepathy : Magic 
lagomorpha : Animal
wrath : Evil
gleam : Light
prosthetics : Tech
peafowl: Animal
viper: Animal
pumice: Earth
laminaria: Nature
aves: Animal
hippopotamus: Animal
mudslide: Water
gobiesox: Animal
polanisia : Nature
weaver : Nature
luger : Piercing
magnetron : Electric
freestone : Earth
malaria : Toxic
polarity : Electric
cabal : Evil
foundry : Tech
charge : Electric
weimaraner : Animal
moraine : Earth
analgesia : Healing
branchiopoda : Animal
penetration : Cutting
dark : Dark
batholith : Earth
plantae : Nature
slapshot : Blunt
scorpionweed : Nature
argil : Earth
bullbrier : Nature
miniconju : Animal
pipefish : Water
lighterman : Fire
wintergreen : Nature
frogfish : Water
bombie : Fire
peaceableness : Good
untruthfulness : Evil
viscum : Nature
brushwood : Earth
speedboat : Water
emetic : Toxic
pezizaceae : Nature
watercolorist : Water
effervescence : Water
phenol : Toxic
lilac : Nature
gallfly : Animal
thundershower : Water
nitrosomonas : Toxic
nutmeg : Nature
cytoskeleton : Death
lagomorph : Animal
ammunition : Tech
rupicapra : Animal
admirability : Good
fumaria : Nature
ponderosa : Nature
hygrometer : Tech
paramyxovirus : Toxic
wildfire : Fire
moa : Animal
gomphothere : Animal
cancridae : Animal
mousetrap : Tech
bentonite : Earth
zooplankton : Animal
naiadales: Nature
notoryctidae: Animal
philter: Magic 
tarmacadam: Tech
kingfish: Animal
watercolor: Water
lysichiton: Nature
pachysandra: Nature
alarm : Tech
mastiff : Animal
pedodontist : Healing
shave : Blunt 
pinesap : Nature 
baiomys : Animal
snakebite : Toxic
disloyalty : Evil
porphyry : Earth
whippoorwill : Nature
bunsen : Tech
snowball : Water
forge : Fire
globeflower : Nature
intolerance : Evil
evergreen : Nature
jacamar : Animal
gadgeteer : Tech
claystone : Earth
elasmobranch : Animal
halberdier : Cutting
airlift: Air
sparrow: Animal
tetragram : Magic
ageratum : Nature
rest-cure : Healing
war : Evil
antidiarrheal : Toxic
firebug : Fire
spore : Nature
anhingidae : Animal
costmary : Nature
monkshood : Toxic
genocide : Evil
cryptanalysis : Tech
periosteum : Nature
nepotism : Evil
erinaceus : Animal
bioclimatology : Nature
monopolization : Tech
carob : Nature
broadside : Piercing
scombridae : Animal
beta-naphthol: Toxic
baptisia : Nature
indigofera : Nature
strigiformes : Animal
papain : Healing
aggression : Evil
allergist : Healing
meliphagidae : Animal
hypnotherapy : Healing
udder : Animal 
methyl : Toxic 
musth : Animal 
breadfruit : Nature 
deactivation : Tech 
automat : Tech 
christmasberry : Nature 
crete : Earth 
elixir : Healing 
acacia : Nature 
flow : Water
inkberry : Nature
juglandales : Nature
brome : Nature
stopwatch : Tech
simazine : Toxic
translucence : Light
flytrap : Nature
eupatorium : Nature
pseudemys : Animal 
pleximeter : Tech
antibiotic : Healing
methotrexate : Toxic
terazosin : Toxic
clomiphene : Toxic
lowlands : Earth
cloudlessness : Air
fluvastatin : Toxic
silurus : Water
astacidae : Animal
sprinkle : Water
jaggedness : Cutting
pyrotechnics : Fire
manna: Healing
convalescence: Healing
tamandua: Animal
plume: Air
mirage : Water
rifle : Cutting
vulture : Animal
laricariidae : Animal
webworm : Animal
limekiln : Fire
dispensary : Healing
wise : Good
underworld : Evil
tytonidae : Animal
actinolite : Earth
wolfsbane : Toxic
superoxide : Toxic
shoot-down : Cutting
bullfighting : Blunt
empetrum : Nature
selene : Life
leopardess : Animal
araguaia : Water
pyrograph : Fire
fungus : Nature
swimming : Water
darky : Dark
caiman : Animal
thuggee : Evil
elm : Nature
critter : Animal
grater : Cutting
citellus : Animal
belostomatidae : Animal
lymphocyte : Life
antler : Animal
boxfish : Water
procyonid : Animal
amaterasu : Light
corixidae : Animal
coalbin : Earth
rollerblade : Tech
papaw : Nature
ectoparasite : Animal
electrolytic : Electric
golem : Magic
markhor : Animal
electrometer : Tech
lepismatidae : Animal
sprocket : Tech
waterskin : Water
pterosaur : Animal
earthwork : Earth
dildo : Blunt
squall : Air
shelter : Life
lizardfish : Water
heliamphora : Nature
uzi : Tech
hesperides : Nature
felucca : Water
stillroom : Magic
hydrastis : Nature
sandfish : Water
schizophragma : Nature
doom : Dark
sphenopsida : Nature
prediction : Magic
terahertz : Electric
metalanguage : Tech
sizzle : Fire
sittidae : Animal
mullein : Nature
immunosuppressant : Healing
fields : Nature
anthill : Animal
telemetry : Tech
gneiss : Earth
cryptocoryne : Water
saint : Light
gravelweed : Earth
dipterocarpaceae : Nature
corydalis : Nature
mixer : Tech
imipramine : Healing
webfoot : Water
samurai : Cutting
paramedic : Healing
sea : Water
spiritualization : Light
palestra : Nature
billfish : Animal
comfrey : Healing
pseudotaxus : Nature
salix : Nature
magneton : Electric 
tape : Tech
herbivore : Animal
cone : Nature
hydration : Water
smoothhound : Animal 
periclase : Earth
beetle : Animal
rutile : Earth
pteridophyta : Nature
endoskeleton : Death
radiator : Tech
amphibolite : Earth
doctor : Healing
geraniaceae : Nature
bulbul : Animal
goosefish : Animal
ox: Animal
argillite : Earth
microchiroptera : Animal
meteorite : Fire
cytotoxicity : Toxic
limulus : Water
supercomputer : Tech
cayenne : Fire
trogon : Animal
conserve : Nature
tenrec : Animal
solleret: Cutting
sunlight: Light
racehorse: Animal
anthrax : Toxic
changeling : Magic
auricularia : Nature
shadow : Dark
thylacinus : Animal 
doliolidae : Animal
teasel : Nature
crustacea : Water 
eyelessness : Dark 
sapodilla : Nature
cholecystectomy : Healing
gamekeeper : Animal
electroencephalogram : Tech
oxytropis : Nature
adiantaceae : Nature
geriatrics : Healing
mods : Tech
lymphoblast : Toxic
crop : Nature
rosefish : Animal
aphis : Animal 
dryopteris : Nature 
twinjet : Tech
rachycentridae : Animal 
tanner : Animal 
vixen : Animal 
poa : Nature 
melancholic: Dark
garbage: Toxic
kite: Air
shingle: Nature
tropaeolaceae: Nature
finch: Animal
mayaca: Nature
doorlock : Tech
fife : Blunt
dipterocarp : Nature
orthopter : Animal
exterminator : Evil
chemosurgery : Toxic
fruitwood : Nature
chrysemys : Animal
humectant : Healing
self-torture : Evil
rocket : Electric
faraday : Electric
antilocapridae : Animal
wrasse : Animal
saury : Animal
oleander : Nature
izanagi : Magic
melatonin : Life
pyrographer : Fire
farmstead : Nature
carat : Earth
exosphere : Air
believing : Good
terrorization : Evil
vehicle : Tech
pycnogonida : Animal
hellion : Evil
apishamore : Animal
trichuriasis : Toxic
heather : Nature
pyrex : Tech
accipitriformes : Animal
radioisotope : Tech
taillight : Light
occultist : Magic
tepal : Nature
demonization : Evil
raven : Animal
mare : Animal
handset : Tech
dacrycarpus : Nature
reflectometer : Tech
antichrist : Evil
floodplain : Water
bryophyta : Nature
scyphozoa : Water
platycerium: Nature
faucet: Water
electrification: Electric
sickbay : Healing
sod : Earth
hypnotist : Magic
hippodamia : Animal
transgression : Evil
megachiroptera : Animal
nature : Nature
pasteurization: Healing
gurnard : Animal
barramundi : Animal
breadboard : Tech
myocastor : Animal
kieserite : Earth
earthquake : Earth
petunia : Nature
buckthorn : Nature
creature : Animal
chenopodium : Nature
cinnabar : Fire
corylus : Earth
mafia : Evil
centropus : Animal
peramelidae : Animal
fluorapatite : Earth
antennariidae : Animal
notebook : Tech
tarwood : Earth
aristolochiaceae : Nature
pondweed: Water 
flume: Water 
promycelium: Nature 
polyporus: Nature 
omniscience: Magic 
bathing: Water 
teredo: Water 
techie: Tech 
trespass: Evil 
oleales: Nature 
magnet: Electric 
myrtales: Nature
troposphere : Air
machine : Tech
tachymeter : Tech
sahara : Earth
asteroid : Earth
culex : Animal
microorganism: Nature
aardwolf: Animal
carcharhinus: Animal
airfare: Air
bittercress: Nature
phoronida: Animal
fortune: Good
trombiculid: Animal
altitude: Air
dibranchiate: Animal
dune: Earth
ferret : Animal
fitness : Healing
pediatrics : Healing
sputter : Electric
sporotrichosis : Toxic
rockies : Earth
myrmecophagidae : Animal
stag : Animal
galena : Earth
toucanet : Animal
berry : Nature
numbat : Animal
enflurane : Toxic
remission : Healing
podilymbus : Animal
furan : Toxic
klansman : Evil
toothache : Healing
i-beam : Tech
bovine : Animal
triopidae : Animal
canidae : Animal
gaultheria : Nature
trillium : Nature
himalayas : Air
cacique : Animal
hedgehog : Animal
swindler : Evil
skink : Animal
sickbed : Life
connectivity: Tech
dairy: Animal
radicchio: Nature
exoskeleton: Death
orchidales : Nature
witching : Magic
dombeya : Nature
cardamine : Nature
tuna : Water
symphoricarpos : Nature
longevity : Life
airbrush : Tech
demulcent : Healing
shorebird : Animal
balsa : Earth
fingernail : Piercing 
megalosauridae : Animal 
pederast: Evil
safeness: Healing
saxifraga: Nature
peonage: Evil
elitist: Evil
hydrocharitaceae: Water
techno: Tech
wingstem: Air
woodwork: Earth
clamshell: Water
energizing : Life
corselet : Animal
woodwind : Air
technophilia : Tech
bombardier : Fire
balaenidae : Animal
beanstalk : Nature
kerosene : Fire
eriodictyon : Nature
tradescantia : Nature
carving : Cutting
fruitage : Nature 
illicitness : Evil 
microprocessor : Tech 
rowanberry : Nature 
chickweed : Nature
bathe : Water 
beneficence : Good
plowing : Earth
strawworm : Animal 
tumblebug : Nature
shadiness : Dark
buckeye : Animal
afterbirth : Life 
setter : Animal
acarine : Toxic
selaginella : Nature
mailsorter : Tech
poultry : Animal
ironwork : Earth
standardizer : Tech
orobanchaceae : Nature
tortoise : Animal
tinker : Tech
water-rate : Water
guinea : Animal
stardust : Light
utilizer : Tech
lutra : Animal
sunray : Light 
kindheartedness : Good 
hawkweed : Nature 
substation : Tech
xerophyllum : Nature
albizzia : Nature
coydog : Animal
triton : Water
tadpole : Animal
killifish : Animal
program : Tech
yardstick : Blunt
outgrowth : Nature
cannon : Blunt
dragonet : Fire
double-crosser : Evil
villainess : Evil
reassembly : Tech
fairness : Good
beastliness : Animal
occultism : Magic
elasmobranchii : Animal
acidity : Toxic
doxepin : Tech
saponin : Nature
codling : Animal
pinger : Electric
sage : Nature
arilus : Animal
conspirator : Evil
evil : Evil
micronutrient : Nature 
incision : Cutting
morgue : Death
archipelago : Water
watchmaker : Tech
animism : Nature
soliton : Electric
locust : Animal
vampire : Dark
cetonia : Animal
horticulturist : Nature
hospitableness : Good
sierra : Nature
scratch : Piercing
rhinovirus : Toxic
transpiration : Water
fulica : Animal
illusion : Magic
sisyrinchium : Nature
xenopus : Animal
myomorpha : Animal 
sibling : Life
silverberry : Nature 
tetracaine : Toxic
sheepman : Animal 
aerosol : Air
dairyman : Animal 
hatemonger : Evil
diligence : Good
cocoon : Nature
naphthalene : Toxic
wiccan : Magic
skua : Animal
samara : Nature
stalker : Evil
copepoda : Water
miasma : Toxic
salish : Nature
briar : Nature
gunlock : Tech
axolotl : Animal
diastrophism : Earth
falconry : Animal
calostomataceae : Nature
magnetization : Electric
giraffidae : Animal
budgerigar : Animal
hamamelidanthum : Nature
sparganium : Nature
antidote : Healing
afterglow : Light
necrology : Death
photoemission : Light
nurturance : Nature
felicity : Good
camera : Tech
ovis : Animal
dugout : Earth
plotter : Tech
psittacosaur : Animal
telecommuting : Tech
ginkgo : Nature
tussilago : Nature
gunpowder : Fire
neutrophil : Life
aspidistra : Nature
forestry : Nature
araneae : Animal
vaccinee : Healing
butterwort : Nature
photometer: Tech
cat's-ear: Animal
pearl: Water 
cicadellidae: Animal
crocodylus : Animal
wild : Nature
scallop : Water
hyracotherium : Animal
burial : Death
rhizoctinia : Toxic
coypu : Animal
callitris : Nature
fogbank : Water
veratrum : Toxic
bombshell : Fire
silt : Earth
aesculapius : Healing
pestilence : Evil
neosporin : Healing
bestiality : Animal
canavanine : Toxic
circe : Magic
mandrake : Nature 
zombie : Death 
shaitan : Evil 
pneumatics : Tech 
cowpea : Animal 
squill : Animal 
icecap : Water
lechanorales : Nature 
strigidae : Animal
mycologist : Nature 
chondrite : Earth
popgun : Blunt
twinberry : Nature 
cutback : Cutting
computerization : Tech
gosling : Animal 
molester : Evil
ayurveda : Healing 
magnolia : Nature 
woodscrew : Blunt
minerva : Magic
jackal : Animal
screwtop : Tech
eunectes : Animal
photolithograph : Tech
sodalite : Earth
browser : Tech
gnat : Animal
perejil : Nature
andrenidae : Animal
shred : Cutting
hospitalization : Healing
aegypiidae : Animal 
rubidium : Toxic
henbane : Toxic
meningitis : Toxic
asclepiad : Healing 
siltstone : Earth 
appendicitis : Healing
reliever : Healing 
alleviator : Healing 
caenolestidae : Animal
hibiscus : Nature
triaenodon : Animal
torchlight : Fire
lycium : Nature
filicide : Evil
cycadofilicales : Nature
neostigmine : Healing
weed: Nature
ohmmeter: Tech
nudibranchia: Animal 
cutlet: Cutting
vivification : Life
bad : Evil
charm : Magic
crotalidae : Animal
gearing : Tech
hunt : Animal
trustworthiness : Good
scorpionfish : Animal
bunny : Animal
kauri : Nature
bomb : Fire
paddlefish : Water
perversity : Evil
plutonium : Toxic
apostasy : Evil
commercialization : Tech
oxydendrum : Nature
pediculus : Animal
refractivity : Light
pinite : Nature
linux : Tech
alsophila : Nature
lemmus : Animal
saxitoxin : Toxic
hygrophyte : Nature
arctictis : Animal
seedsman : Nature
perspiration : Life
deadness : Death
sabotage : Evil
garnet : Earth
puddle : Water
subsistence : Life
time-fuse : Tech
gramineae : Nature
mammalia : Animal
paragonite : Earth
gulf : Water
detonation : Fire
metallurgy : Earth
delonix : Nature
vengeance : Evil
sanctuary : Light
duckling : Animal
coon : Animal
shetland : Animal
callinectes : Animal
pomacentrus : Animal
pandanales : Nature
sand : Earth
firetrap : Fire
electric : Electric
juvenescence : Life
gee-gee : Animal
tardigrada : Animal
warlock : Evil
subshrub : Nature
perognathus : Animal
subsystem : Tech
flowage : Water
castanospermum : Nature
diodontidae : Animal
eelblenny : Animal
emery : Earth
socializer : Nature
brochette : Piercing
topaz : Earth
blitz : Electric
freshet: Water
opah: Nature
tilletia: Toxic
totemism: Nature
inauspiciousness: Evil
ungodliness: Evil
ganoid: Animal
compress: Tech
venison: Animal
greyhound: Animal
muscardinus: Animal
bootlace : Nature
kleptomania : Evil
papaya : Nature
sea-duty : Water
amaranthus : Nature
agriculture : Nature
canalization: Water
stratigraphy: Earth
lamium: Nature
cupressus: Nature
jacquinia: Nature
umbelliferae : Nature
barnburner : Fire
r-2 : Tech
nothofagus : Nature
nephrotoxin : Toxic
parasitemia : Toxic
leech : Animal
dormancy : Life
brant : Animal
edmontosaurus : Animal
abhorrence : Evil
chemotherapy : Healing
capreolus : Animal
flasher : Electric
silkworm : Animal
bowling : Blunt
conger : Animal
hadrosauridae : Animal
stray : Animal
viscacha : Animal
whip-snake : Animal
deviltry : Evil
botany : Nature
cavia : Animal
anser : Animal
wire : Tech
volta : Electric
detoxification : Toxic
tool: Tech
pilosella: Nature
ironmongery: Tech
carangidae: Animal
rorqual: Animal
clawfoot: Animal
passionflower: Nature
peristediinae: Animal
bedbug: Animal
chlorenchyma : Nature
rhizotomy : Nature
scorpion : Animal
pathogen : Toxic
sunlamp : Light
cat's-tail : Animal
wing : Air
racketeering : Evil
ball-buster : Blunt
arsenic : Toxic
engineering : Tech
wheatgrass : Nature
framework: Tech
bryophyte: Nature
necrophilia: Evil
embryo: Life
self-destruction: Evil
lifeline : Life
branta : Animal
watercress : Water
hurricane : Air
idolater : Evil
thrombocytopenia : Toxic
declinometer : Tech
poxvirus : Toxic
pekinese : Animal
radio : Electric
boiling : Water
honeycreeper : Animal
immunotherapy : Healing
plantain : Nature
rosales : Nature
triphammer : Blunt
barnyard : Animal
hoofprint : Animal
clethrionomys : Animal
toxotes : Toxic
lantern : Light
momotidae : Animal
centaury : Nature
physostigmine : Toxic
momordica : Nature
chrysotherapy : Light
beaver : Animal
thrashing : Blunt
pinwheel : Electric
skirmisher : Nature
downfall : Evil
transience : Nature
refresher : Healing
pythium : Toxic
wheeze : Air
renaissance : Light
ditch : Earth
cruiser : Tech
alchemist : Magic
emydidae : Animal
phylactery : Magic
wetland : Water
ruby : Earth
alyssum : Nature
semitrailer : Tech
laver : Water
sandwort : Earth
thallophyta: Nature
terrorism: Evil
freeze : Water
duck : Animal
pneumoconiosis : Toxic
dust : Air
autofocus : Tech
kinesis : Magic
reactor : Tech
tepidness : Water
babysitting : Healing
wiggler : Animal
commutator : Tech
arthroplasty : Healing
resin : Earth
catling : Animal 
serration : Cutting
scardinius : Animal
roadkill : Animal 
desktop : Tech 
gamecock : Animal 
mors : Death 
monocline : Nature
ramphastidae : Animal
gramicidin : Toxic
format : Tech
maniraptora : Animal
myrica : Nature
fenrir : Evil
grassfinch : Animal
chenopodiaceae : Nature
vaccine : Healing
manes : Magic
laguncularia : Nature
sawwort : Nature
buckleya : Nature
revenant : Death
surnia : Animal
notropis : Animal
coalface : Earth
toxemia : Toxic
bricklayer : Earth
xanthorrhoeaceae : Nature
airspace : Air
electrodeposition : Electric
telephone : Tech
cairn : Earth
zoophobia : Animal
rain : Water
stoning : Blunt
slaver : Evil
sillago : Water
peacock : Animal
pyromaniac : Fire
surfing : Water
hydrostatics : Water
ichthyology : Animal
tusker : Animal
spoonbill : Animal
bioluminescence : Light
lobelia : Nature
adesite : Earth
teraflop : Tech
antibacterial : Healing
earthnut : Earth
carpenter : Blunt
phone : Tech
hatchet : Cutting
cabinetmaker : Blunt
spank: Blunt
hellhound : Evil
taxodium : Nature
bayou : Water
linseed : Nature
arctium : Nature
comforter : Healing
hydrophyllaceae : Nature
carburetor : Tech
hygrophoraceae : Nature
ultima : Magic
elite : Good
wight : Dark 
spider : Animal
nybble : Tech
lepidobotryaceae : Nature
earth-god : Nature
phascolarctos : Animal
angelus : Good
moss-trooper : Animal
mimicry : Magic
catapult : Tech
pasture : Nature
gingivitis : Healing
input : Tech
solanopteris : Nature
starter : Electric
hypocrisy : Evil
laelia : Nature
palmetto : Nature
prickleback : Animal
adenovirus : Toxic
panorpidae : Animal
dipole : Electric
carnelian : Earth
hardware : Tech
copepod : Animal
brucella : Toxic
heroism : Good
cumin : Nature
sanicle : Nature
sponge : Water
bighorn : Animal
derringer : Piercing
fragaria : Nature
bluntness : Blunt
shagbark : Nature
radome : Tech
clone : Evil
prometheus : Fire
mauler : Cutting
triazine : Toxic 
solution : Water 
beagling : Animal 
paintball : Blunt 
pinetum : Nature 
infielder : Blunt 
dogbane : Nature
bovidae : Animal
copying : Tech
cornetfish : Animal
vireonidae : Animal
sassafras : Nature
ibuprofen : Healing
aquaphobia : Water
electroencephalograph : Electric
bogeyman : Evil
splashdown: Water 
hamster: Animal 
bhagavad-gita: Light 
lightening: Electric 
bobolink: Animal 
grizzly: Animal 
harassment: Evil 
scissors: Cutting 
concertina : Piercing
setscrew : Tech
akkadian : Evil
knocker : Blunt
mend: Healing
anencephaly: Death
pomfret: Animal
accentor: Animal
culebra: Animal
platymiscium: Animal
bluegrass : Animal
bactericide : Toxic 
barbarea : Nature
gasterosteidae : Animal
echoencephalograph : Tech
landfill : Earth
capacitance : Tech
clove : Nature
fouquieria : Nature
scoter : Animal
wilderness : Nature
avenger : Good
ouranopithecus : Animal
gangsta : Evil
revelation : Light
photomechanics : Tech
filariasis : Toxic
ambystomid : Animal
gumweed : Nature
actuator : Tech
jewel : Earth
gnatcatcher : Animal
vizsla : Animal
sedative-hypnotic : Toxic
hive : Animal
tardigrade : Animal
pyrene : Fire
methenamine : Toxic
potsherd : Blunt
hemigalus : Animal
sunburst : Light
galvanizer : Electric
crownbeard: Nature
cabala: Magic
hypoxidaceae: Nature
oxalis: Nature
radio-phonograph: Tech
firebox: Fire
microflora: Nature
technician : Tech
eriophorum : Nature 
cetacean : Animal 
rampion : Nature 
lupinus : Nature
nailer : Piercing
larvacean : Water
skinny-dipper : Nature
cyperaceae : Nature
feverfew : Healing
roost : Animal
antipyretic : Healing
bluetick : Animal
antirrhinum : Nature
alpaca : Animal
updraft : Air
bosporus : Water
sow : Animal
nidularia : Nature
murder : Evil
candlenut : Nature
dingo : Animal
amorpha : Nature
soldier : Good
vicugna : Animal
lymphedema : Healing 
myelogram : Tech 
paganism : Nature 
myrmecobius : Animal 
dragunov : Cutting 
hippobosca : Animal 
monarchist : Good 
king : Good 
dystopia : Evil 
solstice : Nature 
soleidae : Animal
flicker: Light 
stallion : Animal
occiput : Healing
adamance : Magic
decimal : Tech
mulberry : Nature
cynara : Nature
rotenone : Toxic
nereus : Water
gaminess : Animal
penuche : Nature
shoreline : Water
pacifism : Good
psychic : Magic
venturi : Air
blackout : Dark
terpene : Nature
nautilidae : Water
tilia : Nature
catfish :Animal
myth : Magic
dillenia : Nature
munition : Tech
dugongidae : Animal
realgar : Toxic
image : Light
fencer : Piercing
ampere-minute : Electric
brave : Good
puffinus : Animal
clinician : Healing
hyacinth : Nature
katamorphism : Magic
sphaerocarpaceae : Nature
conveyer : Tech
drizzle : Water
radiogram : Electric
strafer : Tech
helpfulness : Good
pooch : Animal
panfish : Water
starlight : Light
unhappiness : Evil
castoridae : Animal
ferule : Blunt
firebase : Fire
japonica : Nature
serranidae : Animal
harmonizer : Magic
ceres : Nature
ledum : Nature
shyster : Evil
trance : Magic
spavin : Animal
apocalypse : Evil
cyperus : Air
piperaceae : Nature
longan : Nature 
shipbuilder : Tech
caress : Healing
microtus : Animal 
menace : Evil
parnassia : Nature
onyx : Earth
prince's-feather : Nature
ironclad : Tech
goldfield : Earth
weatherglass : Air
seabird : Animal
decapitation : Death
thermogram : Fire 
clammyweed : Toxic
pollution : Toxic
portal : Magic
spicebush: Nature
galangal: Nature
titmouse : Animal
alder : Nature
anabiosis : Life
fluorouracil : Toxic
telegrapher : Tech
microbe : Toxic
spell : Magic
hepatotoxin : Toxic
thalassoma : Water
vesuvius : Fire
slave : Evil
passerina: Animal
metalwork: Tech
photosensitivity: Light
blueberry: Nature
prefabrication: Tech
drain: Water
chisel: Cutting
egg-and-dart: Piercing
bearberry: Nature
saxhorn: Earth
velcro : Tech 
kolkwitzia : Nature
natrix : Animal
gaur : Animal
lufengpithecus : Animal
grunter : Animal
burin : Cutting
symbolizing : Magic
freeware : Tech
raincoat : Water
four-pounder : Blunt
haste : Light
steadfastness : Good
prizefight : Blunt
broadsword : Cutting
barbel : Piercing
bookend : Blunt
favor : Good
catmint : Nature
goat : Animal
nightmare: Dark
rickettsia: Toxic
banderilla: Piercing
bucconidae: Animal
drawknife: Cutting
vine: Nature
ochotonidae: Animal
uxoricide: Evil
altruism: Good
pendragon : Magic
flatfish : Water 
crinoidea : Life 
winter : Nature 
pyrography : Fire
nullah : Water
wood-frog : Animal
turbogenerator : Tech
moorcock : Animal
burglary : Evil
sorbus : Nature
neuritis : Healing
star-duckweed : Water
sheepherder : Animal
ambystomatidae : Animal
dotterel : Animal
magpie : Animal
gastrophryne : Animal
wheat : Nature
ratitae : Animal
pallbearer : Death
inflammation : Fire
expiation : Healing
phyle : Nature
agapornis : Animal
soccer : Blunt
chlorpyrifos : Toxic
felis : Animal
venogram : Tech
zaar : Magic
zinnia : Nature
childhood : Life
orthoclase : Earth
deep-freeze : Electric
sylvilagus : Animal
photocopy : Tech
diethylstilbesterol : Toxic
gnaphalium : Nature
priodontes : Animal
plantaginaceae : Nature
corruption : Evil
alcoholism : Toxic
albuginaceae : Nature
helios : Light
lake : Water
landscaping : Nature
wire-puller : Tech
burr : Blunt
bathymetry : Water
axseed : Nature
pollutant : Toxic
leporid : Animal
probe : Tech
weasel : Animal
halberd : Piercing 
homeostasis : Healing
samba : Fire
strike : Cutting
camelpox : Animal
morganite : Earth
saimiri : Animal
pyrolaceae : Nature
illumination: Light 
jewess: Earth 
zebra : Animal
fleabane : Nature
protozoan : Water
trickery : Magic
anguillidae : Animal
inoculating : Healing
radiography : Tech
she-devil : Evil
probiotic : Healing
fitment : Tech
solenoid : Electric
augite : Earth
caravan : Nature
quartzite : Earth
scauper : Animal
diplopoda : Animal
giardiasis : Toxic
dallisgrass : Nature
speakerphone : Tech
phoenicopteridae : Animal
tupinambis : Animal
lye : Toxic
keyboardist : Tech
tyrant : Evil
tragulidae : Animal
poisoner : Toxic
dirtiness : Earth
hatiora : Nature
kitty : Animal
angiospermae : Nature
orrery : Tech
amperage : Electric
microsurgery: Healing
quarterstaff: Blunt
cupflower: Nature
tantalite: Earth
zoomorphism: Animal
downdraft : Air
boating : Water
isothiocyanate : Toxic
chalcopyrite : Earth
ranales : Nature
glasswort : Nature
toggle : Tech
eriobotrya : Nature
abominator : Evil
superconductivity : Electric
root : Nature 
salol : Toxic
indriidae : Animal 
cyanide : Toxic 
malleus : Blunt
horsewhipping : Blunt
hearse : Death
spiritual : Light
chirp : Animal
groupware : Tech
snag : Piercing
liquidambar : Nature
stroboscope : Electric
malodorousness: Toxic
sanatorium: Healing
membracidae: Animal
methamphetamine: Toxic
halothane: Toxic
seahorse : Animal
olivine : Earth
meltdown : Fire
yggdrasil : Nature
flatworm : Animal
lignite : Fire
anemometer : Tech
ferocactus : Nature
milldam : Water
gadidae : Animal
cardinalfish : Animal
blood : Life
parietaria : Nature
conflict : Evil
minnow : Animal
threskiornis : Animal
hirudo : Animal
brule : Fire
lobipes : Animal
marmite : Nature
chironomus : Animal
handloom : Tech
anorthite : Earth
dishonor : Evil
spicemill : Tech
shoot : Cutting
neonate : Life
housedog : Animal
metrology : Tech
fur : Animal
cnidaria : Animal
crayfish : Animal
blessedness : Good
slapper : Blunt
pheasant's-eye : Nature
Melinae : Animal 
Gazella : Animal 
Hawk : Animal 
Threskiornithidae : Animal 
Stereo : Tech 
Cavy : Animal 
Golfing : Blunt 
decoding : Tech
pentoxide : Toxic
nereid : Animal
gelechiid : Animal
earwig : Animal
sulfanilamide : Toxic
usneaceae : Nature
plectophera : Animal
sunset : Light
fig-bird : Animal
femtochemistry : Toxic
cooperation : Good
jird : Animal
hostage : Evil
fructification : Nature
briber : Evil
tanglebush : Nature
columbidae : Animal
pyrolysis : Fire
odontophorus : Animal
macronectes : Animal
rypticus : Animal
hydroelectricity : Water
piscidia : Animal
tempera : Light
asparagaceae : Nature
ambloplites : Animal
self-control : Good
glitter : Light
ptomaine : Toxic
alcelaphus : Animal
theogony : Light
fetlock : Animal
femur : Animal
urodella : Animal
timepiece : Tech
jab : Piercing
ginglymostoma : Animal
firepower : Fire
orchid : Nature
kinescope: Tech
soar: Air
laparoscope: Tech
ampere-turn: Electric
electronics: Tech
suture : Healing
igniter : Fire
chough : Animal
lapwing : Air
carduelis : Animal
adulthood : Life
tulipa : Nature
calefaction : Fire
pintail : Animal
cockpit : Tech
jynx : Magic
cheep : Animal
sodom : Evil
harakiri : Cutting
horror : Dark
lutrinae : Animal
thallophyte : Nature
gander : Animal
proton : Tech
goral : Animal
seagrass : Water
herd : Animal
gangster : Evil
ammodytes : Water
pericallis : Nature
teju : Animal
choriomeningitis : Healing
arming : Tech
technophile : Tech
naturalism : Nature
wood : Earth
hammer : Blunt
oscilloscope : Tech
photolithography : Tech
chuckwalla : Animal 
remora : Animal
plethodon : Animal
muroidea : Animal
analgesic : Healing
caulophyllum : Nature
desertification : Nature
sunrise : Light
sporophyte : Nature
ribavirin : Toxic
run-time : Tech
marsileaceae : Nature
olympian : Good
horseplay : Animal
iodination : Toxic
balloonist : Air
goldfields : Earth 
blade: Cutting
viverricula: Animal
battle-ax: Blunt
hyperlink: Tech
produce: Nature
octopus: Animal
kilowatt : Electric
clairvoyant : Magic
fluorocarbon : Toxic
limonene : Nature
ignition : Fire
ornithology : Animal
legume : Nature
fist : Blunt
phocoena : Animal
symphytum : Nature
flashing : Light
primates : Animal
elevator : Tech
viburnum : Nature
corona : Light
self-renewal : Healing 
benefaction : Good
cambium : Nature
campephilus : Animal
foster-nurse : Healing
slicing : Cutting
drimys : Nature
osteotomy : Cutting
torah : Light
incantation : Magic
naprapathy : Healing
ethicist : Good
graves : Death
thuggery : Evil
maulstick : Blunt
achillea : Nature
papaveraceae : Nature
cinquefoil : Nature
scanning : Tech
windjammer : Air
nostocaceae : Nature
trachelospermum : Nature
mechanist : Tech
monoplane : Tech
antiproton : Electric
anode : Electric
catabiosis : Life
contribution : Good
vermin : Evil
mound : Earth
charitableness : Good
tempest : Air
mustelus : Animal
sowbane : Toxic
biome : Nature
ilama : Animal
gunmetal : Tech
cat : Animal
mycobacteria : Toxic
dashboard : Tech
invasion : Evil
medic : Healing
copper : Fire
lythrum : Nature
buoyancy : Air
nitrite : Toxic
nekton : Animal
gobble : Animal
berberidaceae : Nature
ostrea : Water
wiretap : Tech
liatris : Nature
hydrophyllum : Nature
cattail : Animal
humidity : Water
condor : Animal
oligochaeta : Animal
marksman : Piercing
welwitschiaceae : Nature
austrotaxus : Nature
xanthophyceae : Nature
saltbush : Nature
oasis : Water
menispermum : Nature
paleogeology : Earth
patience : Life
mercilessness : Evil
hydromancy : Water
bettongia : Animal
chestnut : Nature
chicken : Animal
cyanosis : Toxic
opisthocomidae : Animal
rain-in-the-face : Water
chamosite : Earth
pteris : Nature
seed : Nature
tapeworm : Nature
bellwort : Nature
harvestfish : Animal
kobus : Animal
wheelwork : Tech
pump : Tech 
oximeter : Tech 
astrology : Magic
neomycin : Toxic
refinery : Tech
uakari : Animal
diazoxide : Toxic
shiva : Light
dideoxyinosine : Toxic
backup : Tech
violaceae : Nature
oestrus : Animal
gloom : Dark
anima : Magic
hyoscyamine : Toxic
shortgrass : Nature
pipilo : Animal
heliometer : Tech
militarism : Evil
betulaceae : Nature
khukuri : Cutting
rammer : Blunt
beacon : Light
recording : Tech
artillery : Fire
razorblade : Cutting
retardant : Toxic
aedes : Animal
alkaloid : Toxic
inductor : Tech
psidium : Nature
osteomyelitis : Life
cattleman : Animal
todus : Animal
masticophis : Animal
battue : Blunt
melanoplus : Nature
trombone : Blunt
griffon : Animal
stapler : Tech
lycaenidae : Animal
solandra : Nature
conenose : Animal
ichthyosauridae : Animal
hookworm : Animal
melon : Water
hologram : Magic
peck : Cutting
echinacea : Nature
accumulator : Tech
rockiness : Earth
pistol : Tech
musher : Animal
brutalization: Evil
cursor : Tech
aloeaceae : Nature
lasso : Blunt
gobbler : Animal
crossbones : Death
polymyxin : Toxic
porifera : Nature
caterpillar : Animal
brimstone : Fire
smoker : Toxic
chlorination : Water
pontederia : Nature
mullet : Animal
cleridae : Animal
grounder : Electric
bacillus : Toxic
gleditsia : Nature
mandrill : Animal
dik-dik : Animal
hylobates : Animal
longbow : Piercing
lapdog : Animal
hercules : Good
elves : Magic
videocassette : Tech
supercharger : Electric
honesty : Good
sunbeam : Light
cryptogam : Nature
bomblet : Fire
watermark : Water
life : Life
saxifrage : Nature
repair : Tech
meteoroid : Air 
galago : Animal
oneiromancer : Magic
pluvianus : Nature
urodele : Life
manidae : Animal
danube : Water
guenon : Animal
anemia : Life
delinquency : Evil
digitalization : Tech
chopstick : Piercing
thunderstorm : Electric
conflagration : Fire
lynx : Animal
pinatubo : Fire
emergence : Nature
up-tick : Electric
rosebud : Nature
orangewood : Nature
liliidae : Nature
snow-on-the-mountain : Water
flashboard : Tech
porcupine : Animal
peristyle : Tech
oncorhynchus : Animal
darts : Piercing 
archaebacteria : Nature
moneran : Nature
hook : Piercing
prick : Piercing 
locking : Tech
synthesizer : Tech
bedrock : Earth
inhalation : Air
juncaceae : Nature
armyworm : Animal
orthilia : Nature
nemesis : Evil
dungeon : Dark
landslide : Earth
silhouette : Light
neurotoxin : Toxic
drosophyllum : Nature
mythology : Magic
ready-mix : Tech
auto-da-fe : Evil
shrapnel : Cutting
procellariiformes : Animal
percussionist : Blunt
sulfide : Toxic
orthopedics : Healing
synodontidae : Animal
dirge : Dark
bludgeoner : Blunt
burdock : Nature
biogenesis : Life
server : Tech
pedophilia : Evil
simulator : Tech
conception : Life
cirsium : Nature
scabies : Toxic
martes : Animal
krait : Animal
aeolian : Air
bugloss : Nature
salicylate : Toxic 
dromaius : Animal
counterpunch : Blunt
labrador : Animal
chimaera: Animal
butadiene: Toxic
bobwhite: Animal
natural: Nature
anapsida: Animal
pahautea: Nature
hartebeest: Animal
cerussite: Earth
mongoose: Animal
nageia: Nature
frostweed: Nature
echinococcus: Toxic
ocelot: Animal
bark: Nature
kapok : Nature
mephenytoin : Toxic
shot : Blunt
hiroshima : Fire
limosa : Animal
fruit : Nature
nonaggression : Good
dent : Piercing
jukebox : Tech
peahen : Animal
peen : Blunt
soapwort : Nature
datura : Toxic
aureole : Light
manta : Animal
nester : Animal
gonorhynchidae : Animal
myxomycota : Nature
pregnancy : Life
desmid : Nature
catostomid : Animal
cacajao : Animal
ciconiiformes : Animal
papillon : Nature
guereza : Animal
goldenbush : Nature
stonefish : Water
guttiferae : Nature
insectivora : Animal
firewater : Fire
gomorrah : Evil
boar : Animal
antihistamine : Healing
electronegativity : Electric
skull : Death
vegan : Animal
acanthaceae : Nature
bombina : Fire
skylark : Air
rheumatology : Healing
horseback : Animal
butcher : Cutting
sanguinaria : Nature
sentience : Life
demeter : Nature
celestite : Earth
promethium : Electric
camwood : Nature
poleax : Piercing
matchwood : Fire
hubris : Evil
rafflesiaceae : Nature
blowtorch : Fire
ladybug : Animal
hostilities : Evil
lumen : Light
ember : Fire
wheatworm : Animal
ergotism : Toxic
bot : Tech
arbovirus : Toxic 
fen : Water
indefatigability : Life
fluorosis : Toxic
sulfate : Toxic
hypermedia : Tech
aeronautics : Air
talipot : Nature
rabbit : Animal
cannonball : Blunt
claymore : Cutting
headshot : Piercing
headpin : Piercing
pearlfish : Water
ingrowth : Nature
atrazine : Toxic
windward : Air
mire : Earth
buzzer : Electric
meanie : Evil
malaconotinae : Animal
disinfection : Healing
airedale : Animal
ostariophysi : Animal
weldment : Tech
lazarus : Healing
lakefront : Water
haliaeetus : Animal
verbenaceae : Nature
shakti : Magic
gypsum : Earth
beekeeping : Animal
kleptomaniac : Evil 
dasyurus : Animal
odonata : Animal
technocracy : Tech
panacea : Healing
pelargonium : Nature
day : Life
daylight : Light
wigwam : Nature
localization : Tech
mouser : Animal
needlepoint : Piercing
amnesty : Good
sistrurus : Toxic
crypt : Dark
desperado : Evil
kookaburra : Animal
calendula : Nature
wiring : Tech
lancetfish : Water
baa-lamb : Animal
shiv : Cutting
mergus : Water
termitidae : Animal
dicentra : Nature 
offspring : Life 
neurogenesis : Healing
typhus : Toxic 
sexploitation : Evil 
machiavellian : Evil 
vomit : Toxic
paratroops : Tech
thumbtack : Piercing
sharksucker: Water
brigandine: Cutting
swamp: Water
jungle: Nature
tomograph: Tech
hyperthermia: Fire
muraenidae: Water
helianthemum : Nature
pinnotheres : Animal 
popillia : Animal 
richea : Nature
suicide : Death
downiness : Air
lifework : Life
wish : Magic
swan : Animal
mysticism : Magic
mutiny : Evil
gentianales : Nature
bowler : Blunt
shepherdess : Animal
hydrodynamics : Water
signalization : Electric
escalator : Tech
hydrangea : Nature
tennis : Blunt
obedience : Good
demagnetization : Electric
eland : Animal
watchdog : Animal
sail : Air
liftoff : Tech
foe : Evil
vernation : Nature
bryaceae : Nature
smilacaceae : Nature
knife : Cutting
senecio : Nature
dendrocolaptes : Animal
aspirator : Tech
procavia : Animal
osteoporosis : Life
theropoda : Animal
recirculation : Water
lycopsida : Nature
jihadist : Evil
woodwardia : Nature
brickyard : Earth
primulaceae : Nature
festering : Toxic
sandman : Dark
spanker : Blunt
cordite : Fire
helminth : Toxic
barratry : Evil
oligochaete : Animal
etanercept : Tech
peripatopsidae : Animal
magnesite : Earth 
fluorescence : Light
nanometer : Tech
coondog : Animal
telegraph : Tech
spheniscidae : Animal
synchrocyclotron : Tech
opuntiales : Nature
blackbird : Animal
bloodworm : Animal
latanier : Nature
mew : Animal
naga : Animal
gamete : Life
poorwill : Animal
piccolo : Light
orchidalgia : Healing
aging : Life
sulidae : Water
davit : Tech
cryonics : Healing
vallisneria : Nature
windmill : Air
myliobatidae : Animal
meniscectomy : Healing
terebellidae : Animal
linecut : Cutting
curette : Piercing
thermocautery : Fire
fire : Fire
firebreak : Fire
ferromagnetism : Tech
stamina : Life
summons : Magic
dytiscidae : Animal
cowgirl : Animal
pome : Nature
treelet : Nature
autopilot : Tech
halon : Toxic
denudation : Earth
wristwatch : Tech
sunflower : Nature
fireman : Fire
antiviral : Toxic
colliery : Earth
disinfestation : Toxic
hemodialysis : Healing
macrozoarces : Animal
broomstick : Magic
tremella : Nature
bioweapon : Toxic
permafrost : Water
pharmacopoeia : Healing
spirochete : Nature
seseli : Nature
refraction : Light
greenpeace : Nature
beater : Blunt
cockfighting : Animal
ruminantia : Animal
motorboat : Tech
basin : Water
diastole : Life
dionaea : Nature
robotics : Tech
self-hypnosis : Magic
thunderbird : Electric
deserts : Earth
hirundo : Air
fieriness : Fire
pyroelectricity : Electric
defervescence : Healing
aplite : Earth
abjurer : Magic
wolf : Animal
aphanite : Earth
iguanid : Animal
hoodoo : Magic
santalum : Nature 
lactation : Animal 
micturition : Water 
clupeidae : Animal 
alocasia : Nature 
coleus : Nature 
mesua : Nature 
fouquieriaceae : Nature 
rennin : Animal 
potamogalidae : Animal 
squatinidae : Animal 
stiletto : Piercing
jackknife : Cutting
backsword : Cutting
phalanx : Blunt
meleagrididae : Animal
poussin : Animal
zapus : Animal
diapheromera : Animal
combine : Tech 
phylloscopus : Animal
octopod : Animal 
serinus : Animal 
hypnosis : Magic
intumescence : Nature
dogie : Animal
siemens : Tech
opossum : Animal
intranet : Tech
selflessness : Good
limicolae : Animal
woodcarver : Nature
mudra : Magic
kill : Evil
luminescence : Light
upgrade : Tech
calcination : Fire
earthtongue : Earth
brass : Earth
conservancy : Nature
folk : Nature
formalin : Toxic
odonate : Animal
tetanus : Toxic
suricata : Animal
flintlock : Blunt
appalachians : Earth
stonechat : Animal
optics : Tech
xylophonist : Blunt
chopine : Blunt
cytolysis: Toxic
phenothiazine: Toxic
sanitariness: Healing
panthera: Animal
tolbutamide: Toxic
aurochs: Animal
stumping: Blunt 
shining: Light
tachometer: Tech
dormouse: Animal
esocidae: Animal
ultracentrifuge : Tech
trichina : Toxic
bat : Animal
chiralgia : Healing
glauconite : Earth
vegetation : Nature
campfire : Fire
parrotfish : Animal
agapanthus : Nature
bedpost : Blunt
club : Blunt
bench : Blunt
minesweeper : Earth
sawmill : Cutting
grandchild : Life
chrome : Tech
phaeophyta : Nature
megasporangium : Nature
epilobium : Nature
chemiluminescence : Light
conilurus : Animal
phytolacca : Nature
mandragora : Magic
hematologist : Healing
schistosome : Animal
nitrofuran : Toxic
carabidae : Animal
crotalaria : Nature
clairvoyance : Magic
dugong : Animal
euglena : Water
cynoscephalae : Animal
salmo : Water
defoliation : Nature
imprisonment : Evil
rotter : Evil
swimmeret : Animal
ratibida : Nature
cortinariaceae : Nature
schizogony : Dark
safranine : Toxic
sparid : Animal
puppeteer : Magic
diplodocus : Animal
banjo : Blunt
lygaeidae : Animal
schist : Earth
healthfulness : Healing
centaur : Animal
anopheles : Animal
melogale : Animal
otus : Animal
hydrosphere : Water
zoanthropy : Magic
hotness : Fire
filoviridae : Toxic
wartime : Evil
messenger : Light
arvicola : Animal
lymphocytosis : Healing
florist : Nature
sinornis : Animal
thulium : Tech
ash : Fire
anguilla : Animal
hexapod : Animal
drum : Blunt
sick : Healing
psittacosis : Toxic
lepidoptera : Animal
dictaphone : Tech
stockpile : Earth
lepidodendrales : Nature
viricide : Toxic
monasticism : Healing
invertebrate : Animal
cd-r : Tech
cucurbita : Nature
corgi : Animal
terpsichore : Nature
mantis : Animal
preserve : Nature
oceanus : Water
in-fighting : Blunt
sandpiper : Air
formicariidae : Animal
pleuronectidae : Animal
isoptera : Animal
kilovolt-ampere : Tech
lacertidae : Animal
gehenna: Dark
insectivore : Animal
saltation : Air
tortricid : Animal
veery : Animal
sportsmanship : Good
hippoboscidae : Animal
dastard : Evil
tongueflower : Nature
star-thistle : Nature
coyote : Animal
pruner : Cutting
modicon : Tech
spoon : Blunt
leguminosae : Nature
ceratophyllum : Water
viscometer : Tech
rhinobatidae : Animal
ritualism : Magic
aether : Air
tridacna : Water
mid-on : Blunt
hornet : Animal
damned : Evil
limpet : Animal
tolypeutes : Animal
washbasin: Water 
neutron: Tech 
ornithorhynchidae: Animal 
invention: Tech 
myctophidae: Animal 
piddock: Animal
newlywed : Life
lithophyte : Nature
pyrocellulose : Fire
selfishness : Evil
flutist : Light
switchblade : Cutting
armoracia : Nature
gesso : Nature
microfarad : Tech
ichthyosaur : Animal
pyrope : Fire
rune : Magic
mammalogist : Animal
cichlidae : Animal
volleyball : Blunt
psyche : Magic
ginkgoales : Nature
haliotidae : Water
synchytrium : Toxic
sandstone : Earth
zygnematales : Nature
aepyceros : Animal
showjumping : Blunt
editing : Tech
folium : Nature
henna : Nature
capsaicin : Toxic
hound : Animal
speed : Electric
washtub: Water
storminess : Air
jolt : Electric
midwinter : Life
tailwind : Air
balloonfish : Animal
slumber : Life
die : Death
leucanthemum: Nature
hymenoptera: Animal
liberation: Good
sleaziness: Evil
footbath: Healing
cytotoxin: Toxic
liberator: Good
wireless: Tech
vombatidae : Animal
neofiber : Tech
democracy : Good
inhaler : Healing
vesuvianite : Earth
nagami : Nature
gymnogyps : Animal
tumor : Toxic
chrysalis : Nature
ninjutsu : Magic
unicorn : Animal
hydroponics : Water
amphisbaenidae : Animal
crabgrass : Nature
hygeia : Healing
ruminant : Animal
ivory: Animal
egret: Animal
upupa: Animal
drosera : Nature
aotus : Animal
pikeblenny : Animal
surfperch : Animal
bodkin : Piercing
anatidae : Animal
stomp : Blunt
Lodestone : Magic
Gigahertz : Tech
Grimoire : Magic
Psittacus : Animal
Myxine : Animal
Blowgun : Blunt
Hacker : Tech
Amniote : Animal
goldstone : Nature
haematobia : Animal
besieger : Evil
swallow : Animal
symphony : Magic
magma : Fire
alstroemeria : Nature
hydrophidae : Water
ammonium : Toxic
babbler : Animal
gymnospermae : Nature 
apc : Tech
mulloidichthys : Water
woodpecker : Animal
biopiracy : Evil
homoptera : Animal
inspiration : Good
snake : Animal
buteonine : Animal
chromatin : Nature
oceanography : Water
blattella : Animal
plasma : Electric
screen : Tech
elodea : Water
solder : Tech
cynocephalus : Animal
heliport : Tech
scrophulariales : Nature
jacksonia : Nature
pyromorphite : Fire
feline : Animal
banging : Blunt
pandion : Nature
tetrao : Animal
firmware : Tech
alligatorfish : Animal
slagheap : Earth
cygnus : Nature
sludge : Water
otterhound : Animal
stibnite : Earth
premolar : Animal
vascularization : Life
theraphosidae : Animal
pinscher : Animal
microscope : Tech
lobularia : Nature
beetroot : Nature
ethane : Toxic
cankerworm : Animal
antbird : Animal
caretta : Animal
imbibition : Healing
mid-water : Water
cottidae : Animal
ulvaceae : Nature
tomahawk : Cutting
linanthus : Nature
holbrookia : Nature
jawfish : Animal
bletilla : Nature
meryta: Nature
bedstraw : Nature
angelfish : Animal
dasypus : Animal
titrator : Tech
grasshopper : Animal
gracilariid : Animal
tripleurospermum : Nature
animatronics : Tech
azolla : Nature
propanal : Toxic
pensioner : Life
camelidae : Animal
sno-cat : Tech
confessor : Light
merman : Animal
counselor : Healing
actinometry : Tech
sphecius : Air
zeppelin : Air
treehopper : Animal
bard : Magic
bandage: Healing
chrysochloridae: Animal
trogoniformes: Animal
acrostichum: Nature
mainframe: Tech
paramilitary : Evil
sparidae : Animal
lomustine : Toxic
megasporophyll : Nature
chiropodist : Healing
piracy : Evil
carcase : Death
moralist : Good
self-restraint : Good
lobsterman : Animal
alkali : Toxic
ancestress : Life
seasickness : Water
amity : Good
sylvanus : Nature
monster : Evil
oceanites: Water
sylvan : Nature
gruidae : Animal
furnace : Fire
nymphalid : Nature
sterculiaceae : Nature
pempheridae : Animal
xantusiidae : Animal
saboteur: Evil
nitrobenzene: Toxic
buzzard: Animal
burnup : Fire
insulin : Healing
aculeus : Piercing
bullying : Evil
winner : Good
prophylaxis : Healing
capsizing : Water
sauromalus : Animal
chromatism : Light
cd-rom : Tech
rhizome : Nature
cebidae : Animal
fish : Animal
holocephalan : Animal
precognition : Magic
louse : Animal 
claw : Cutting
medicago : Nature
clay : Earth
trichinosis : Toxic
coucal : Animal
clarion : Air
swordfish : Piercing
waterpower : Water
radiotelegraph: Tech
gemsbok: Animal
acaricide : Toxic
persecution : Evil
bradawl : Piercing
sweetleaf : Nature
mugilidae : Animal
carbide : Air
tachistoscope : Tech
horseweed : Nature
brazier : Fire
iceland : Water
holothuridae : Animal
ruggedization : Tech
care : Healing
voltage : Electric
ecoterrorism : Nature
shaping : Nature
electromyograph : Tech
waxwing : Animal
fireboat : Fire
arboriculture : Nature
willet : Animal
taconite : Earth
yellowknife : Cutting
alcyonacea : Water
bite : Piercing
firework : Fire
hairpin : Piercing
kali : Evil
postdiluvian : Nature
ferritin : Animal
beriberi : Toxic
spelter : Tech
neodymium : Electric
squeal : Animal
blender : Tech
sparkler : Electric
peg : Piercing
airing : Air
myotis: Animal
maypole: Nature
ctenophora : Water
lotusland : Nature
racerunner : Animal
astragalus : Earth
tramcar : Tech
incisor : Piercing
bluestone : Earth
manzanita : Nature
patching : Tech
charadriidae : Animal
cresol : Toxic
damp : Water
microfiche : Tech 
aircrew : Air
combustibility : Fire
oarfish : Animal
hippoglossus : Animal
liposuction : Tech
hirudinidae : Animal 
swiftlet : Animal
basketball : Blunt 
ecology : Nature 
catharacta : Nature 
crinoid : Earth
immolation : Fire
cuirass : Cutting
apothecium : Nature
explosion : Fire
banshee : Dark
transfer : Tech
transmogrification : Magic
spark : Electric
diapir : Earth
ameiurus : Animal
linnet : Animal
counterbore : Tech
petrel : Animal
adrenergic : Toxic
elaeocarpaceae : Nature
snowflake : Water
automaton : Electric
elderberry : Nature
cannibalism : Evil
edge : Cutting
musophaga : Animal
dietician : Healing 
morrigan : Animal 
penetrator : Piercing 
counterglow : Light 
seamanship : Water 
waterfront : Water 
armadillidium : Animal 
bear : Animal
gravidity : Life
jawbreaker : Blunt
erosion : Earth
sharpener : Cutting
slap : Blunt
womankind : Life
barbell : Blunt
dryness : Air
tinamiformes : Animal
witch : Magic
chernobyl : Toxic
brutality : Evil
invader : Evil 
tumbleweed : Air
greenwood : Nature
pinus : Nature
mayhem : Evil
yahweh : Light
stonecrop : Nature
seedling : Nature
troublemaker : Evil
musketeer : Cutting
wheel : Tech
hipposideros : Animal
archaeopteryx : Animal
fertilizer : Nature
bucktooth : Animal
vise : Tech
benediction : Good
gillette : Cutting
tribromoethanol : Toxic
bloodstream : Life
selenium : Toxic
lighting : Electric
barrelfish : Water
blackboard : Tech
trackball : Tech
listeria : Toxic
radiophotography : Light
succorer : Healing
survivalist : Life 
fentanyl : Toxic
scaphiopus : Animal
devitalization : Death
radiopharmaceutical : Tech
circumcision : Cutting
owl : Animal
pieridae : Animal
bloodroot : Nature
transformer : Tech
thermocoagulation : Fire
nortriptyline : Toxic
flashlight: Light
sapotaceae: Nature
malcontent: Evil
pussycat: Animal
polaroid: Tech
cardiospermum : Nature
ailuropoda : Animal
knuckle : Blunt
satyridae : Animal
witch-hunt : Evil 
hunter-gatherer : Animal
kludge : Tech
terrain : Nature
logwood : Nature
masseur : Healing
azurite : Earth
cancer : Toxic
sorcery : Magic
ambulance : Healing
gyroscope : Tech
vinegar : Toxic
three-hitter : Blunt
triceratops : Animal
nemophila : Nature
sericocarpus : Nature
heuchera : Nature
environmentalist : Nature
bowerbird : Animal
ripening : Nature
nectar : Life
tecophilaeacea : Nature
anemonella : Water
favism : Toxic
lasiocampid : Animal
twinkler : Light
cordylus : Earth
retrofit : Tech
discharge : Electric
menhaden : Animal
galatea : Nature
underexposure : Dark
emitter : Electric
manufacturer : Tech
muridae : Animal
vespertilionidae : Animal
lava : Fire
leopard's-bane : Nature
centriscidae : Animal
hen-of-the-woods : Nature
bullock: Animal
sarcoptidae: Animal
babbitting: Blunt
cobia: Animal
limelight: Light
benefactor: Good
jellyfish : Water
thrips : Animal
interceptor : Tech
nilgai : Animal
switch : Electric
dolphin : Animal
characeae : Nature
anaphalis : Nature
mercifulness : Good
brightness : Light
impoliteness : Evil
thruster : Tech
catostomus : Animal
hippo : Animal
wisp : Air
epidendrum : Nature
bloodshed : Evil
vaccination : Healing
gallirallus : Animal
rheostat : Tech
hamamelis : Nature
mentha : Nature
perpetration : Evil
soapberry: Toxic
chromatography: Tech
vanadinite: Earth
antidepressant: Healing
sawhorse: Cutting
mummichog : Water
larvicide : Toxic
keratotomy : Cutting 
degaussing : Tech
tumble-dryer : Tech
heron : Animal
dishwater : Water
castilleja : Nature
chloroform : Toxic
phyllocladaceae : Nature
dacite : Earth
cat-o'-nine-tails : Blunt
iceberg : Water
abies : Nature
handsaw : Cutting
starfish : Water
finback : Water
nile : Water
turret : Tech
absorption : Nature
aviary : Animal
tiamat : Dark
ecosystem : Nature 
theremin : Electric
fratricide : Evil
callitrichaceae : Animal
firewood : Fire
gyrfalcon : Animal
whiptail : Animal
psithyrus : Animal
supernaturalism: Magic
pterodactylus : Animal
up-bow : Piercing
polo : Blunt
strikebreaking : Evil
carthorse : Nature
avifauna : Animal
aviation : Air
thermohydrometer : Tech
bombardment : Fire
lawfulness : Good
infection : Toxic
irritation : Toxic
honeysuckle : Nature
notonecta : Animal
icehouse : Water 
igloo : Water 
coccinellidae : Animal 
blessing : Good 
cabbageworm : Animal 
awfulness : Evil 
crocuta : Animal 
midgrass : Nature 
harpoon : Piercing 
ankylosaur : Animal 
cutlery : Blunt
diazonium : Toxic
dipteronia : Nature
lacebark : Nature
axle : Tech
chlamydosaurus : Animal
casuariiformes : Animal
crossfire : Fire
kudzu : Nature
phrynosoma : Animal
caregiver : Life
artificiality : Tech
necrophagia : Death 
arachnida : Animal
connochaetes : Animal
dichroism : Light
geophyte : Nature
pixel : Tech
shale : Earth
bryopsida : Nature
celebration : Life
cynodont : Animal
postmortem : Death
cowpox : Animal
steamroller : Tech
epacridaceae: Nature
moirai: Life
orchestia: Animal
lemur: Animal
bromeliaceae: Nature
percolation: Water
ornithischian: Animal
gentian : Nature
slinger : Blunt
inflorescence : Nature
tachylite : Earth
square-bashing : Blunt
wildflower : Nature
dissolving : Water
phacochoerus : Animal
bemisia : Animal
ranunculaceae : Nature
birdie : Animal
bonyness : Death 
micrometeorite : Air 
lopholatilus : Water 
endothelium : Life 
craftsman : Tech 
sheepshead : Animal 
radiophotograph : Tech
campylorhynchus : Animal
protectiveness : Good
poltroon : Evil
constructiveness : Good
hypertext : Tech
trochilidae : Animal
xenotime : Earth
manpad : Tech
helicopter : Tech
distributary : Water
demoniac : Evil
siderite : Earth
fillet : Cutting
heroine : Good
headset : Tech
luna : Nature
speedometer : Tech
platyhelminthes : Animal
radon : Toxic
lycanthropy : Animal
gavialidae : Animal
yam : Earth
evisceration : Cutting
terabyte : Tech
sin : Evil
keystroke : Tech
mistreatment : Evil
birdnesting : Animal
rutaceae : Nature
sylvite : Earth
twinkle : Light
horsemeat : Animal
satinleaf : Nature
cabinetwork : Tech
clinker : Earth
kilovolt : Electric
machmeter : Tech
lawlessness : Evil
switchboard : Tech
faunus : Animal
honoring : Good
technobabble : Tech
alchemy : Magic
sorceress: Magic
installation: Tech
sinkhole: Earth
campaign: Evil
kilohertz: Electric
cinclus: Animal
plosion : Fire
pleuronectes : Water
populus : Nature
raptores : Air
artilleryman : Toxic
hippotragus : Animal
energy : Electric
posterity : Life
ninepin : Blunt
cutlas : Cutting
calvaria : Death
squaw : Nature
pyrophobia : Fire
pternohyla : Nature
labiatae : Nature
honey : Animal
goner : Death
submersion : Water
neurotransmitter : Electric
chloroquine : Healing
yardgrass : Nature
conduction : Electric
sunspot : Fire
tricholoma : Nature
oregano : Nature
lumpectomy : Healing
teleconference : Tech
acrocomia : Nature
zoonosis : Animal 
chuck : Blunt
pike : Piercing
spongefly : Animal
selaginellaceae : Nature
fascism: Evil
bushtit: Animal
clydesdale: Animal
iteration: Tech
chinaberry: Nature
sandbur: Nature
subdirectory: Tech
stab: Piercing
zucchini: Nature
ironworker : Tech
wineberry : Nature
battleship : Fire
agkistrodon : Toxic
streptocarpus : Nature
pox : Toxic
mallet : Blunt
projectile : Cutting
holocephali : Animal
radiation : Electric
larch : Nature
phytoplankton : Nature
lancer : Piercing
beeper : Tech
polystichum : Nature
polonium : Toxic
woad: Nature
ballooning: Air
illuminance: Light
megapodius: Animal 
polychaeta: Animal
ctenocephalus: Animal
mikania: Nature
primateship: Animal
unionidae: Animal
gerres: Animal
mauser : Tech
aura : Light
abiogenesis : Nature
oilbird : Animal
delirium : Dark
tropopause : Air
menagerie : Animal
endoscope : Tech
hate : Evil
rattus : Animal
hypovolemia : Healing
sniper : Piercing
radiochlorine : Electric
destruction : Evil
clemency : Healing
locator : Tech
naphthol : Toxic
rolodex : Tech
rainmaker : Water
breakwater : Water
horsecar : Tech
retaliation : Evil
crotalus : Toxic
diceros : Animal
aerology : Air
cibotium : Nature
carabao : Animal
machilidae : Animal
coelenterate : Water
horseman : Animal
sleet : Water
convallariaceae : Nature
encephalartos : Nature
rhamnales : Nature
mist : Water
brassica : Nature
coercion : Evil
plumbaginaceae : Nature
flash: Electric
groves: Nature
nurser: Healing
mainsail: Air
blaze: Fire
dasyproctidae: Animal
machinist: Tech
xenicidae: Animal
surgeon : Healing
bullfighter : Animal
minicomputer : Tech
brachiopod : Animal
yarder : Tech
ferocity : Evil
mephitis : Toxic
decomposition : Death
piezoelectricity : Electric
almsgiver : Good
solarization : Light
iodoform : Toxic
sandbank : Earth
vitality : Life
fortitude : Life
lightness : Light
disgustingness : Evil
scraper : Tech
goodman : Good
lifeboat : Life
bitter : Toxic
biochip : Tech
boxing : Blunt
channels : Water
earthstar : Earth 
helichrysum : Nature
snailflower : Animal
greenwing : Nature
fryer : Tech
chamaemelum : Nature
oystercatcher : Animal
ratel : Animal
orach : Nature
musales : Nature
psittacula : Animal
hex : Magic
luminary : Light
lepidium : Nature
suslik : Animal
pinpoint : Tech
nova : Light
prong : Piercing
joule : Electric
delight : Good
hypotonia : Healing
defroster : Tech
hellebore : Nature
tenrecidae : Animal
megalobatrachus : Animal
visor : Tech
ragwort : Nature
rhizophora : Nature
gaviiformes : Animal
goddess : Good
spray : Water
chorus : Light
goddaughter : Life
wetness : Water
ringdove : Animal
pycnanthemum : Nature
glory : Light
wreath : Nature
launch : Air
acetaldehyde : Toxic
alienation : Evil
motoring : Tech
slit : Cutting
rhodonite : Earth
batrachoididae : Animal
nutrition : Life
darkness : Dark
aoudad : Animal
benzedrine : Toxic
basidiomycete : Nature
fission : Fire
cicadidae : Animal
technocrat : Tech
shower : Water
discus : Light
entomophthoraceae : Toxic
nyala : Animal
protoctist : Nature
jacksnipe : Animal
aporocactus : Nature
picrasma: Toxic
adapter: Tech
sculpin: Animal
radiolysis: Electric
pythoninae: Animal
mesenchyme: Nature
agronomy: Nature
runoff: Water
isostasy: Earth
chrysomelidae: Animal
discomycete : Toxic
yeast : Animal
corticium : Toxic
plataleidae : Animal
agriocharis : Animal
mysticeti : Animal
pitcher : Blunt
lemuridae : Animal
perniciousness : Evil
leontopodium : Nature
contrail : Air
celastrus : Nature
trichoptera : Animal
eumetopias : Animal
bazooka : Tech
defibrillator : Electric
semidarkness : Dark
ungulata : Animal
tempestuousness : Air
massage : Healing
wave : Water
bronze : Earth
wolframite : Earth
mountainside : Earth
pebble : Earth
mistral : Air
oilcan : Tech
diesel : Tech
telepathist : Magic
aquaculture : Water
headstream : Water
cremains : Death
breaker : Blunt
haemopis : Toxic 
crush : Blunt
mebendazole : Toxic
conquest : Evil
aristolochia : Toxic
shrimpfish : Animal
angelim : Light
cyphomandra : Nature
pachinko : Tech
cecropia : Nature
bow: Piercing
cremation: Fire
nymphaeaceae: Water
turnbuckle : Tech 
pontoon : Water
childbirth : Life
refrigerant : Air
filet : Piercing
icefall : Water
fishmonger : Animal
usnea : Nature
apogonidae : Animal
bandicoot : Animal
godwit : Animal
canopy : Nature
psychosurgery : Tech
sinusitis : Healing
lactase : Healing
undernourishment : Healing
canal : Water
blacksnake : Animal
dyewood : Nature
capsella : Nature
joystick : Tech
murre : Animal
onagraceae : Nature
diabolatry : Evil
mammuthus : Animal
skywriting : Air
nitroglycerin : Toxic
glaciation : Water
mystic : Magic
megapode : Animal
psittaciformes : Animal
fer-de-lance: Piercing
shrub: Nature
phagocyte: Healing
liberality: Good
bovini: Animal
supernatural: Magic
beef: Animal
wolffish : Animal
muskrat : Animal 
trifolium : Nature 
immortal : Life
phalacrocorax : Animal
alouatta : Animal
touraco : Animal
dinocerata : Animal
leon : Animal
mastitis : Healing
grassfire : Fire
saponaria : Nature
photochemistry : Light
sericulture : Animal
pastoral : Animal
halictidae : Animal
tilapia : Animal
eelgrass : Nature
insecta : Animal
flutter : Air
tanker : Tech
thoth : Magic
festuca : Nature
magnetograph : Electric
ketoacidosis : Toxic
mortality : Death
illuminant : Light
gibbon : Animal
windage : Air
excalibur : Cutting
grebe : Animal
patient : Healing
granuloma : Toxic
ophiuroidea : Animal
immortelle : Air
tachyglossidae : Animal
prankster : Dark
steal : Evil
funeral : Death
firelight : Light
alka-seltzer : Healing
pennatulidae : Animal
urosaurus : Animal
nerita : Animal
petabyte : Tech
archidiskidon : Animal
giriama : Animal
sesbania : Nature
lithography : Tech
mole : Animal
cutout : Cutting
bluefin : Animal
birch : Nature
carib : Animal
sewer : Water
daisy : Nature
needle : Piercing
emerald : Earth
percidae : Animal
embryologist : Life
freshener : Tech
pine : Nature
collimator : Tech
anabolism : Life
sandlot : Blunt
incubus : Evil
nibbler : Animal
stamp : Blunt
batter : Blunt
tenon : Cutting
scolytus : Animal
mudskipper : Animal
klaxon : Electric
cutaway : Cutting
cobble : Earth
pyrrhotite : Earth
coleoptera : Animal
motorist : Tech
parthenocissus : Nature
milkman : Nature
ammoniac : Toxic
bigot : Evil
polarization : Electric
hero : Good
oospore : Life
medlar : Nature
airstream : Air
ammonite : Earth
turbot : Water
sunniness : Light
router : Tech
drip : Water
thoroughbred : Animal
betrothed : Good
foster : Good
gorgonian : Nature
wallboard : Tech
hearts : Light
antihero : Evil
eutheria : Animal
apus : Air
limnologist : Water
rocketry : Tech
rail-splitter : Blunt
daucus : Nature
anthozoan : Animal
phalangida : Animal
phytochemistry : Nature
turnip : Nature
overcharge : Tech
cormorant : Animal
walleye : Animal
asclepiadaceae : Nature
haddock : Animal
gasworks : Tech
pleurotus : Nature
birdcall : Animal
thickening : Nature
uintatheriidae : Animal
hiddenite : Earth
strombidae : Animal
covetousness : Evil
ingenuity : Tech
marauder : Evil
platalea : Animal
cicuta : Toxic
savageness : Evil
roccella : Nature
skin-diver : Water
chiaroscuro : Light
arnica : Healing
extermination : Evil
flashover : Fire
oxygenation : Life
turbidity : Water
vendetta : Evil
four-wheeler : Tech
annihilator : Evil
antialiasing : Tech
pyracantha : Nature
coalfield : Earth
hedera : Nature
bologram : Tech 
spirea : Nature 
amsonia : Nature 
dog : Animal 
pantotheria : Animal 
noctiluca : Water
kaolinite : Earth
mariposan : Animal
mylodontidae : Animal
deerskin : Animal
saprolegniales : Water
alismataceae : Nature
fruiterer : Nature
carborundum : Tech
scabicide : Toxic
ant : Animal
cognition : Magic
gatherer : Nature
dragon : Fire
biomass : Nature
gar : Animal
mammalogy : Animal
effluent : Water
tachypleus : Animal
myrmecophaga : Animal
curate : Healing
theist : Good
trick : Magic
aeromechanics : Tech
timer : Tech
chickadee : Animal
roc : Air
threadfish : Animal
melophagus : Animal
burrow : Earth
bunyavirus : Toxic
strawberry : Nature
groundhog : Animal
conductor : Tech
myotomy : Cutting
dissection : Cutting
theaceae : Nature
two-hitter : Blunt
zoophilia : Animal
transduction : Tech
gravel : Earth
vigilantism : Good
voice : Light
metazoa : Animal
helminthiasis : Toxic
anointing : Healing
zoolatry : Nature
levee : Water
methuselah : Life
brownstone : Earth
heterospory : Nature
mod : Tech
tailrace : Water
benevolence : Good
transfiguration : Magic
beechnut : Nature
mystification : Magic
briard : Animal 
earphone : Tech 
drumstick : Blunt 
alligator : Animal 
boreas : Air 
caryocar : Animal 
elver : Water
spirochaetales : Toxic 
inulin : Nature 
chlamys : Animal 
byssus : Air 
dynamo : Tech 
flightiness : Air 
hemophiliac : Healing 
corylaceae : Nature
polyodon : Nature
madoqua : Animal
oscillogram : Tech
multiplexer : Tech
mnemonic : Magic
shock : Electric
homicide : Evil
nopal : Nature
orycteropus : Animal
anteater : Animal
raphicerus : Animal
rurality : Nature
jamming : Tech
matricide : Evil
echidna : Animal
impurity : Toxic
technique : Tech
rodentia : Animal
toadflax: Nature
sacredness: Good
interrupter: Tech
chloride : Toxic
liveliness : Life
emberiza : Animal
apios : Nature
donkey : Animal
observatory : Tech
catafalque : Death
ceramic : Earth
merbromine : Toxic
pericarditis : Healing
simian : Animal
thermotherapy : Healing
hooks : Piercing
tungsten : Tech
penicillinase : Toxic
centipede : Animal
electrodynamometer : Electric
pentazocine : Toxic
dermoptera : Animal
pyre : Fire
pomaderris : Nature
mender : Healing
termite : Animal
army : Good
melanthiaceae : Nature
flower-of-an-hour : Nature
snakebird : Animal
mylodontid : Animal
hylophylax : Animal
deceptiveness : Evil
aphid : Animal
melanitta : Animal
post-it : Tech
plectrophenax : Animal
physeteridae : Animal
arecidae : Animal
vorticella : Water
wattmeter : Tech
prosimii : Animal
assault : Evil
richweed : Nature
malignity : Evil
nyctereutes : Animal
jewelweed : Nature
shark : Animal
telegram : Tech
testudinidae : Animal
outcrop : Earth
stichaeidae : Animal
frailty : Life
equity : Good
coven : Magic
ape : Animal
vaporization : Air
varanidae : Animal
pennatula : Animal
liriodendron : Nature
maniraptor : Animal
lamb's-quarter : Nature
praise: Good
gully: Earth
enchanter: Magic
burying: Death
fountainhead: Water
lepechinia : Nature
engine : Tech
pickerelweed : Nature
protection : Good
blueweed : Nature
manometer : Tech
madness : Dark
proteales : Nature
curculionidae : Animal
respect : Good
cabomba : Water
ionosphere : Electric
toxoplasmosis : Toxic
sirenidae : Animal
rottweiler : Animal
doeskin : Animal
bleat : Animal
hindquarter : Animal
meliaceae : Nature
perdix : Animal
irons : Tech
splitter : Cutting
myroxylon : Nature
bola : Blunt
fluorescent : Light
mainspring : Tech
dalmatian : Animal
kingfisher : Animal
aire : Air
oiler : Tech
humanitarianism : Good
onychophora : Animal
stabber : Piercing
meal : Life
marina : Water
bloodstock : Animal
fallow : Earth
bunt : Blunt
dictatorship : Evil
burner : Fire
chrysanthemum : Nature
botulism : Toxic
ulmus : Nature
pocketknife: Cutting 
unselfishness: Good 
colobus: Animal 
busbar: Tech 
ball: Blunt 
autogiro: Air 
sheep: Animal 
aviatrix: Air 
vending : Tech
toolbox : Tech
kuvasz : Animal
heloderma : Animal
persephone : Nature 
virus : Toxic
gravedigger : Death
mummification : Death
acceleration : Tech
graver : Cutting
vinblastine : Toxic
sealyham : Animal
hazmat : Toxic
sundew : Nature
flambeau : Fire
snail : Animal
meltwater : Water
thurifer : Fire
immunochemistry : Healing
anesthetic : Toxic
slapstick : Blunt
pomology : Nature
dusicyon : Animal
hollerith : Tech
apparatus : Tech
taenia : Animal 
tropic : Earth
carotenoid : Life
honeycomb : Nature
upheaval : Nature
loon : Animal
paridae : Animal
rana : Animal
boomerang : Blunt
ute: Tech
architeuthis: Animal
tridymite: Earth
consecration: Magic
watergate: Water
pogonia: Nature
saltpan : Water
jack-o'-lantern : Fire
guillotine : Cutting
throw : Blunt
hydrangeaceae : Nature
gestapo : Evil
pigfish : Animal
lepisosteidae : Animal
leviathan : Dark
atherinopsis : Animal
voltmeter : Tech
ketonuria : Toxic
kami : Magic
osteosarcoma : Nature
odontoceti : Animal
ciconiidae : Animal
orpington : Animal
silverspot : Animal
phantasmagoria : Magic
cybercrime : Tech
alphavirus : Electric
anapsid : Animal
blackbuck : Animal
steenbok : Animal
macrouridae : Animal
thamnophis : Animal
sporozoite : Toxic
filefish : Animal
poliovirus : Toxic
electrochemistry: Electric
frame: Tech
kiloton: Toxic
tomistoma: Animal
pistacia: Nature
grace: Good
indicatoridae: Animal
thermobia : Fire
lophosoria : Nature
warhead : Toxic
salviniaceae : Nature
ewe : Animal
sulfapyridine : Toxic
intoxicant : Toxic 
fireclay : Fire 
amputator : Cutting 
asbestos : Toxic
damaliscus : Animal
mycomycin : Healing
leucocytozoan : Toxic
horse : Animal
hackberry : Nature
precipitator : Tech
leveret : Animal
banditry : Evil
boarhound : Animal
hysteroscopy : Healing
incisiveness : Cutting
cultivation : Nature
generator : Tech
bulwark : Earth
limpkin : Animal 
molehill : Earth 
thermojunction : Tech 
crag : Earth 
kinkajou : Animal 
fluoridation : Water 
earth-goddess : Nature 
tree : Nature
megaspore : Nature
turntable : Tech
trombicula : Animal
frog : Animal
bloom : Nature
sprat : Animal
argiopidae : Animal
syphilis : Toxic
deity : Magic
chelonia : Animal
psittacidae : Animal
bowfin : Animal
vision : Light
lamplight : Light
rollback : Tech
spacecraft : Tech
spearhead : Piercing
jaguarundi : Animal
seaquake : Water
loasaceae : Nature
animator : Life
nazism : Evil
honeydew : Nature
chamomile : Healing
filovirus : Toxic
peony : Nature
device : Tech
electrophoresis : Electric
baa : Animal
cavern : Earth
hydathode : Water
seismography : Earth
malfeasant : Evil
dactylopterus : Animal
analyzer : Tech
caeciliidae : Animal
toadstool : Nature
hydrocarbon : Fire
chlordiazepoxide : Toxic
warfarin : Toxic
rockslide : Earth
survival : Life
marmoset : Animal
cookstove : Tech
conifer : Nature
oreortyx : Animal
amplification : Magic
butcherbird : Animal
pincer : Piercing
wedge : Blunt
antagonist: Evil
christianization: Light
coelenteron: Water
coho : Animal
cotingidae : Animal
annealing : Fire
tarsiidae : Animal
ipomoea : Nature
edger : Cutting
bison : Animal
masdevallia : Nature
cucurbit : Nature
uropsilus : Animal
chrysoberyl : Earth
flock : Animal
germanium: Tech
foundress : Life
bishop : Light 
water-shield : Water 
nephrops : Animal
beluga : Animal
entomophthorales : Animal 
synchronization : Tech
sterninae : Animal
puerpera : Life
rheumatologist: Healing 
shih-tzu: Animal 
excellence: Good 
protoplasm: Nature 
tachograph: Tech 
larix : Nature
tobramycin : Toxic
siamese : Animal
marconi : Tech
bridoon : Cutting
sapwood : Nature
beast : Animal
excavator : Tech
demon : Evil
pyroxene : Earth
agni : Fire
catostomidae : Animal
ganges : Water
embankment : Earth
disease : Toxic
phenacomys : Animal
fomor : Evil
dealfish : Water
welder : Tech
profanation : Evil
pinfish : Water
pitchfork : Piercing
crossopterygian : Animal
frond: Nature
laryngitis: Healing
defalcation: Evil
jacquard: Tech
snuffler: Animal
pictorial: Light
hornfels: Earth
spatter: Water
odocoileus: Animal
dendrocolaptidae : Animal 
pikestaff : Blunt 
damnation : Evil
meditation : Life 
misbehavior : Evil 
bloodguilt : Evil 
horsewoman : Animal 
smoke : Fire
breadroot : Earth
morel : Earth
nephelium : Nature
flannelbush : Nature
heartwood : Nature
greensand : Nature
polyporaceae : Nature
calliandra : Nature
lepidopterist : Animal
kitten : Animal
galvani : Electric
eichmann : Evil
gunsmith : Tech
air-intake : Air
mealybug : Animal
tortricidae : Animal
retriever : Animal
squirrelfish : Animal
croaker : Animal
nephropsidae : Animal
mastectomy : Healing
toothpick : Piercing
conium : Toxic
nutcracker : Blunt
metamorphism : Earth
ossification : Healing
neurectomy : Healing
computer : Tech
digoxin : Toxic
annunciator : Tech
dermatitis : Healing
juniperus : Nature
putridity : Toxic
lithospermum : Earth
cock : Animal
cariamidae : Animal
symplocarpus : Nature
charcoal : Fire
gastroenteritis : Healing
battery : Electric
floodhead : Water
girandole : Fire
pyemia : Toxic
pup : Animal
nihilism : Evil
ricin : Toxic 
ghoul : Death
graphics : Tech
tonguefish : Water
acridity : Toxic
boxwood : Nature
waterweed : Water
satinwood : Nature
pillwort : Nature
transmutation : Magic
sequencer : Tech
animalism : Animal
limestone : Earth
dace : Animal
shipyard : Tech
radioprotection : Nature
livestock : Animal
countertop : Tech
haymaker : Blunt
antiaircraft : Electric
t-network : Tech
canine : Animal
alces : Animal
pinnipedia : Animal
radiomicrometer : Tech
waterfowl : Animal
halo : Light
bricklaying : Earth
whip-scorpion : Toxic
joss : Magic
torpedinidae : Electric
greylag : Animal
characinidae : Animal 
oniscidae : Animal
ostraciidae : Animal
pediculidae : Animal 
acanthuridae : Animal
squawk : Animal
lorry : Tech
heroics : Good
rinderpest : Toxic
resorcinol : Toxic
seal : Water
pullet : Animal
poinsettia : Nature
traitor : Evil
coffin : Death
laurel : Nature
brooklime : Water
froghopper : Animal
shrublet : Nature
arrhenatherum : Nature
woodruff : Nature
miracle : Good 
conscience : Good
zingiberaceae : Nature
bandit : Evil
seashell : Water
ruralism : Nature
workbench : Tech
aquanaut : Water
species : Nature
bettong : Animal
progymnosperm : Nature
stratosphere : Air 
penstemon : Nature 
hieracium : Nature
ani : Animal
burglar : Evil
interchange : Tech
tribe : Nature
conch : Animal
tineidae : Animal
ornithologist : Animal
fluoroscopy : Light
incrustation : Earth
lithomancer : Magic
immunity : Life
noisemaker : Tech
humiliation : Evil
artemis : Nature
scarabaeidae : Animal
eucalyptus: Nature
fraxinella: Fire
panther: Animal
gouge: Piercing
lizard : Animal
filer : Tech
watermeal : Water
liana : Nature
bilberry : Nature
hydrolysate : Water
nightlife : Life
lotus : Nature
sharpshooter : Piercing
calf : Animal
gazelle : Animal
nitrogen : Air
lungfish : Water
serpent : Nature
ricegrass : Nature
crust : Earth
flammability : Fire
ablation : Cutting
witch-hunter : Magic
defibrillation : Electric
lifesaving : Healing
diver : Water
lenticel : Nature
seismograph : Tech
coralberry : Nature
bullhead : Animal
ereshkigal : Dark
priest : Magic
shillelagh : Blunt
jasmine : Nature
ambush : Evil
stopcock : Tech
immunologist : Healing
keratoiritis : Toxic
commiphora : Nature
dive-bombing : Blunt
forester : Nature
missile : Tech
electromyogram : Tech
meatball : Blunt
stickleback : Animal
seaway : Water
hydrometer : Tech
thallium : Toxic
tetrachloride : Toxic
thermoelectricity : Electric
manganese : Earth
jumbojet : Tech
crevasse : Earth
feeding : Animal
libocedrus : Nature
sardina : Water
menhir : Earth
squid : Water
bigeye : Animal
self-heal : Healing
surgery : Healing
amphibia : Animal
mutilator : Cutting
dendroaspis : Animal
aconite : Toxic
wagtail : Animal
phalanger : Animal
harpy : Animal
fauna : Animal
permalloy : Tech
loranthus : Nature
volumeter : Tech
chamaecrista : Nature
technophobia : Tech
secale : Nature
mock-up : Tech
curcuma : Nature
surfboat : Water
cherub : Light
caprimulgus : Animal
bird : Animal
pulpwood : Nature
styracaceae : Nature
eurylaimidae : Animal 
sabal : Nature
endorphin : Healing
poecilogale : Animal
gonadotropin : Healing
celandine : Nature
trail : Nature
prenanthes : Nature
navigator : Tech
militant : Evil
quarrying : Earth
stork : Animal
altocumulus : Air
corncrake : Animal
cannibal : Evil
growl : Animal
barricade : Tech
rockrose : Nature
crusher : Blunt
phaethon : Fire
loyalist : Good
garnierite : Earth
neptune : Water
deification : Magic
metalworking : Tech
tektite : Earth
nanotechnology : Tech
lambkin : Animal
sidelight : Light
creosote : Toxic
osteopetrosis : Life
bathyscaphe : Tech
luvaridae : Animal
golf : Blunt
cryptocercus : Animal
nuphar : Water
turbine : Tech
brambling : Animal
mosquitofish : Animal
yucca : Nature
submersible: Water
dimetrodon: Animal
arctiidae: Animal
autoloader: Tech
beech: Nature
maleo: Animal
simulation: Tech
accelerator: Tech
acocanthera: Nature
lightwood : Nature
updating : Tech
acidemia : Toxic
gumwood : Nature
squirrel : Animal
inoculant: Healing
satanist : Evil
reticulitermes : Earth
quetzal : Nature
silica : Earth
brachychiton : Nature
vermiculite : Earth
waterside : Water
phascogale : Animal
quantum : Tech
swine : Animal
round : Blunt
anarchy : Evil
spawn : Life 
darkroom : Dark 
milliampere : Tech 
jew's-ear : Nature 
edentate : Animal 
trichloride : Toxic 
greens : Nature
fumigant : Toxic
restoration : Healing
botulin : Toxic
damselfish : Animal
lymphokine : Life
sarcophilus : Evil
haloform : Toxic
kelpie : Animal
yosemite : Nature
assassin : Evil
livery : Light
squalus : Water
lycoperdaceae : Nature
clangula : Water
elephantidae : Animal
technical : Tech
islamophobia : Evil
alaudidae : Animal
dollarfish : Animal
gymnura : Animal
amblygonite : Earth
compassion : Healing
update : Tech
hydra : Animal
totalitarian : Evil
pronghorn: Animal
tempter: Evil
gallows : Death
stile : Piercing
osteocyte : Life
ara : Nature
turtledove : Animal
seashore : Water
deinonychus : Animal
fearlessness : Good
logistics : Tech
gorgon : Dark
baal : Evil
bluegill : Animal
eschscholtzia : Nature
acetone : Toxic
retinitis : Healing 
nightingale : Animal
spodoptera : Animal 
prospector : Earth 
misleader : Evil 
lithotomy : Cutting 
staphylaceae : Nature 
anthophyllite : Earth 
subversion : Evil 
hoheria : Nature
rod : Blunt
narwhal : Water
leafhopper : Animal
osprey : Air
industrialization : Tech
bacteremia : Toxic
lochia : Healing
gadgetry : Tech
plunderage : Evil
cottonwood : Nature
appaloosa : Animal 
andesite : Earth 
shroud : Dark 
fever : Fire
incorruptness : Good 
blossoming : Nature 
petasites : Nature
ailanthus : Nature
biped : Animal
pyrus : Nature
sailfish : Water
hardenbergia : Nature 
laurel-tree : Nature
thirst : Life
megalosaur : Animal
rallidae : Animal
podocarpus : Nature
videodisk : Tech
prosimian : Animal
pig : Animal
gymnosporangium : Nature
one-hitter : Blunt 
biohazard : Toxic 
defoliant : Toxic 
femtovolt : Electric 
tesla : Electric 
vestal : Healing
aerobiosis : Air
columbite-tantalite : Earth 
iguanidae : Animal 
ping : Tech 
thallus : Nature 
mefloquine : Toxic 
ephippiorhynchus : Animal 
skydiving : Air
chamaecytisus : Nature 
two-by-four: Blunt
boidae: Animal
self-pollination: Nature
cigarette : Toxic
torpedo : Electric
caracara : Animal
oxidation : Water
volatility : Fire
cowherb : Nature
brake : Tech
protea : Nature
cholelithotomy : Healing
halite : Earth
melampsoraceae : Nature
aphrodisiac : Nature
fortran : Tech
conga : Animal
facula : Light
rhodophyceae : Nature
hairweaving : Nature
waterer : Water
boxer : Blunt
shipwreck : Water
scincidae : Animal
hematopoiesis: Life 
inhospitality : Evil
minotaur : Animal 
hyoscyamus : Toxic 
eye-lotion : Healing 
fungi : Nature 
depravity : Evil 
bangiaceae : Nature
moloch : Evil
tamer : Animal
needleworker : Piercing
lambertia : Nature
suricate : Animal
pedionomus : Animal
sylvanite : Earth
bearskin : Animal
tamarindus : Nature
tetranychidae : Toxic
aphidoidea : Toxic
pyocyanase : Healing
casuarina : Nature
expectorant : Healing 
defoliator : Toxic 
doberman : Animal
airdrop : Air
whippet : Animal
audiocassette : Tech
bovid : Animal
bruin : Animal
telecaster : Tech
trapaceae : Nature
teiidae : Animal
rofecoxib : Toxic
wand : Magic
larcenist : Evil
placental : Nature
explosive : Fire
phenelzine : Toxic
hope : Life
lecythidaceae : Nature
stylophorum : Nature
extortion : Evil
splint : Healing
black : Dark
vaccinium : Nature
cacodemon : Evil
onomancer : Magic
banderillero : Piercing
mantidae : Animal
sediment : Earth
quasar : Light
nonpartisan : Evil
oilfish : Water
jasper : Earth
propulsion : Tech
citrus : Nature
edentata : Animal
carpobrotus : Toxic
coccidia : Toxic
mine : Earth 
felwort : Nature
falconidae : Animal
corvette : Tech
lampyridae : Animal
galvanism : Electric 
debris : Earth
base : Tech
walnut : Nature
sternutator : Toxic 
illegality : Evil
gopherus : Animal
parry : Blunt
tusk : Piercing
spill : Water
galeorhinus : Animal
pterocnemia : Animal
shoe : Blunt
arrowsmith : Cutting
pole : Tech
cranberry: Nature
ermine : Animal
ammeter : Tech
picador : Piercing
foxhound : Animal
criminalization: Evil
anguidae : Animal
battering : Blunt
waters : Water
foraging : Nature 
resuscitation : Healing 
addiction : Evil 
monoxide : Toxic
houseboat : Water
hyaenidae : Animal
subvocalizer : Tech
spirituality : Healing
keeshond : Animal
sea-rocket : Water
meteorology : Air
infamy : Evil
antimatter : Toxic
melee : Blunt
amphipoda : Animal
skinheads : Evil
arsenate : Toxic 
pipewort: Nature
gear: Tech
tyrannid: Evil
gossamer: Nature
splenectomy: Healing
anticholinesterase: Toxic
creepy-crawly: Animal
trotter : Animal
bubble : Water
lightning : Electric
dicynodont : Animal
electromagnet : Electric
hydrazine : Toxic
plumbing : Tech
reef : Nature
anaconda : Animal
necromancer : Dark
algorism : Magic
kenyapithecus : Animal
sax : Cutting
malice : Evil
euphausiacea : Animal
bombycilla : Animal 
dacrymyces : Water
self-preservation : Life
demagogue : Evil
mixology : Magic
magneto : Electric
manipulation : Magic
obscurantism : Dark
gaiety : Good
thyme : Nature
earthworm : Earth
zebu : Animal
pochard : Animal
biota : Nature
intimidation: Evil
roasting: Fire
slinging : Blunt
linaria : Nature
pilot : Tech
depredation : Evil
congridae : Animal
eriogonum : Nature
ichthyologist : Animal
poultryman : Animal
hydrofluorocarbon : Toxic
tapirus : Animal
merlin : Magic
serotine : Animal
pollachius : Animal
crater : Earth
compressor : Tech
miconazole : Toxic
burn : Fire
capelin : Animal
pewee : Animal
phlebotomus : Animal
banksia : Nature
sailmaker : Water
electrotherapist : Electric
slingshot : Blunt
acanthurus : Animal
fueling : Fire
chromophore : Light
nasua : Animal
prechlorination : Tech
gardenia : Nature
petromyzontidae : Water 
plaice : Water
rapeseed : Nature 
hallucinogen : Toxic 
hospice : Healing 
sciuromorpha : Animal 
bignonia : Nature 
manglietia : Nature 
shigella : Toxic 
chamaeleontidae : Animal 
dowitcher : Animal
liliales : Nature
abdominoplasty : Healing
habergeon : Blunt
dieback : Toxic
enslavement : Evil
bindweed: Nature
salve: Healing
photoelectricity: Electric
dunghill: Earth
mortar: Blunt
coulomb: Electric
dasht-e-kavir : Earth
patricide : Evil
jack-in-the-pulpit : Nature
dove : Animal
believer : Good
muscivora : Animal
mane : Animal
hitter : Blunt 
crusade : Good
poniard : Cutting
fox : Animal
cuniculus : Animal
antivenin : Healing
seltzer : Water
pulmonata : Animal
geochelone : Animal
chelicerata : Animal
damselfly : Animal 
waratah : Nature 
fell : Blunt 
pegasus : Nature 
mouton : Animal 
pony : Animal 
peace : Good
erebus : Evil
covey : Animal
cowfish : Animal
animalia : Animal
lardizabala : Nature
seafaring : Water
cyanophyta : Nature
stomatopod : Animal
boater : Water
tradecraft : Tech
beanball : Blunt
mucorales : Nature
nursling : Life
reclamation : Nature
eyedrop : Healing
mimesis : Magic
stockade : Tech
squawbush : Nature
gigabyte : Tech
cattleship : Animal
lobeliaceae : Nature
malodor : Toxic
lunge : Piercing
bath : Water
barb : Piercing
dendroica : Nature
bacteroid : Nature
linum : Nature
chemist : Tech
autofluorescence : Light
cuculus : Animal
fang : Piercing
slugger: Blunt
conversion: Magic
beating: Blunt
airstrip: Air
kangaroo: Animal
neuralgia: Healing
mash: Blunt
masseuse : Healing
obeah : Magic
azadirachta : Nature
rhinocerotidae : Animal
rabbitfish : Animal
winepress : Blunt
cinder : Fire
convalescent : Healing
drumhead : Blunt
curandera : Healing
potherb : Nature
subspecies : Nature
parsnip : Nature
cabbage : Nature
gill : Water
baccharis : Nature
polioptila : Nature
soundbox : Tech
daggerboard : Piercing
irradiation : Light
autoclave : Tech
metazoan : Animal
pecos : Nature
phasmida : Animal
cerberus : Animal
actinia : Water
mycophagy : Animal
subsoil : Earth
passeriformes : Air
flunitrazepan : Toxic
cyber-terrorism : Tech
cricetidae : Animal
iridoprocne : Air
epipactis : Nature
cyclosorus : Nature
handspike : Blunt
cobnut : Nature
cephalotaceae : Nature
dado : Blunt
spout : Water
pyrophyllite : Earth
civility : Good
juncus : Nature
sundrops : Light
podargidae : Animal
springtide : Nature
sylviidae : Animal
breeding : Animal
macadamia : Nature
airplane : Tech
bow-wow : Animal
birthplace : Life
liparididae : Animal
coregonidae : Animal
turtle : Animal
servo : Tech
paradoxurus : Animal
grief : Life
carlina : Nature
ebbtide : Water
plum : Nature
jalapeno : Toxic
mallow : Nature
muntiacus : Animal
costochondritis : Healing
scuppernong : Nature
backhand : Cutting
waterleaf : Water
pythiaceae : Nature
xenophobia : Evil
overprint : Tech
light : Light
man-of-the-earth : Nature
convulsion : Electric
carcharhinidae : Animal
decapoda : Animal
rhizophoraceae : Nature
lachnolaimus : Animal
centropristis : Animal
stenograph : Tech
microvolt : Electric
sycamore : Nature
macebearer : Blunt 
liniment : Healing
cryptocercidae : Animal
booklouse : Animal
pellagra : Toxic
thanatos : Death
water-mint : Water
cobaltite : Earth
slasher : Cutting
genie : Magic
skirret : Nature
cortaderia : Nature
pilea : Nature
toolmaker : Tech
ionization : Electric
canis : Animal
tormenter : Evil
antitoxin : Healing
tremolite : Earth
myxobacteria : Nature
parkeriaceae : Nature
cookfire : Fire
pinecone : Nature
fan : Air
hayfield : Nature
firecracker : Fire
gliricidia : Nature
antiemetic : Healing
natterjack : Animal
esker : Earth
waterford : Water
fail-safe : Tech
hecate : Magic
brickwork : Earth
phoenix : Fire
baneberry : Toxic
bandwidth :Tech
heathen : Evil
rosebay : Nature
lilyturf : Nature
sag : Water
winesap : Nature
monorail : Tech
durmast : Nature
thelypteridaceae : Nature
hebe : Nature
putrefaction : Toxic
invisibility : Magic
ipod : Tech
eagle : Animal
cimex : Toxic
walkie-talkie : Tech
sallet : Cutting
platyrrhini : Animal
seraph : Magic
stinger : Piercing
archaeornithes : Animal
chloroplast : Nature
garlic : Nature
bodybuilding : Life
glioblastoma : Evil
cytolysin : Toxic
chabazite : Earth
gentianella : Nature
virility : Life
episiotomy : Cutting
riverbank : Water
carpentry : Blunt
crewelwork : Cutting
antimycin : Toxic
gearshift : Tech
puncher : Blunt
carbonate : Earth
refining : Earth
genetta : Animal
calystegia : Nature
ascidian : Water
calamint : Nature
snowmobile : Tech
atriplex : Nature
mermaid : Water
sequoya : Nature
giraffe : Animal
tableland : Earth
millivoltmeter : Tech
lough : Water
sphingidae : Animal
soddy : Earth
plantlet : Nature
despisal : Evil
fusilier : Cutting
tonometer : Tech
amanita : Animal
polyploidy : Nature
gadfly : Animal
approver : Good
equilibration : Nature
galvanization : Electric
dermochelys : Animal
coreidae : Animal
alcidae : Animal
hercules'-club : Blunt
megahertz : Tech
laager : Tech
pyromancer : Fire
cyclooxygenase : Healing
despair : Evil
hedge : Nature
telescopy : Tech
bdellium : Earth
bacillariophyceae : Water
chaetodontidae : Animal
diazepam : Toxic
chasteness : Good
villain: Evil
ebb: Water
balancer: Tech
chihuahua: Animal
airs: Air
anion: Electric
sincerity: Good
aquila: Light
mugging : Cutting
squash : Blunt
psilocybin : Toxic
misanthrope : Evil
workboard : Tech
centaurium : Nature
glossopsitta : Animal
anaphylaxis : Toxic
siskin : Animal
bombing : Fire
otaria : Animal
condensation : Water
cultist : Evil
alcedinidae : Animal
tide : Water
purifier : Healing
binding : Magic
pellitory-of-the-wall : Nature
cistus : Nature
feeder : Animal
fascist : Evil
waterdog : Animal
huntress : Animal
pneumonitis : Toxic
malignancy: Evil
goshawk: Animal
rheometer: Tech
radiology: Light
jewfish : Animal
naughtiness : Evil
swordsmanship : Cutting
blowtube : Blunt
butane : Fire 
sharpness : Cutting 
osteolysis : Death 
weeds : Nature 
dewberry : Nature 
bream : Animal 
monazite : Earth
digitizer : Tech
branchiobdellidae : Animal
bookkeeping : Tech
sirius : Light
flint : Fire
welding : Tech
calculator : Tech
cryptobranchus : Animal
jabiru : Animal
sedum : Nature 
sunstroke : Fire 
clam : Water 
quartz : Earth
disenchantment : Magic
dueler : Cutting
dachshund : Animal
hydrology : Water
bluetongue : Animal
drupe : Earth
suidae : Animal
sauropod : Animal
excavation : Earth
redstart : Animal
color : Light
fountain : Water
rhea : Animal
photosynthesis : Nature
canister : Tech
dressage : Animal
motherliness : Life
hummingbird : Animal
pathway : Nature
static : Electric
prey : Animal
pyralis: Fire
grave: Death
uranyl: Toxic
cupule : Piercing
ranch : Animal
ahriman : Evil
incarnation : Life
pew : Blunt
camassia : Nature
mosquito : Animal
sputnik : Tech
erysipelas : Healing
danaidae : Animal
corrosion : Water
waterspout : Water
current : Electric
aesir: Magic 
asceticism: Life 
muntjac: Animal
sumac : Nature
cudweed : Nature
redtail : Animal
cybersex : Tech
minibike : Tech
chelydra : Animal
zanthoxylum : Nature
rhodophyta : Nature
honeyflower : Nature
coluber : Animal
stick : Blunt
gauze : Healing
parricide : Evil
topminnow : Animal
doctorfish : Animal
mutilation : Evil
sciatica : Healing
periplaneta : Animal
piston : Tech
patella : Healing
myrtaceae : Nature
ammobium : Fire
electroscope : Electric
thunderhead : Electric
neomys : Animal
ramalina : Nature
hemiptera : Animal
synentognathi : Animal
therapeutics : Healing
waif: Life
hinny: Animal
ornithorhynchus : Animal
phosgene: Toxic
naiadaceae : Nature
typhoid: Evil
papio : Animal
well-wishing : Good
thymus : Nature
hylocichla : Animal
aruru : Nature
soapstone : Earth
programmer : Tech
limeade : Water
dermochelyidae : Animal
dendranthema : Nature
relaxin : Healing
heating : Fire
ichneumonidae : Animal
dynamometer : Tech
stonehenge : Earth
cheetah : Animal
wandflower : Nature
yellowlegs : Animal
colubridae : Animal
wormwood : Nature
pomelo : Nature
betrayal : Evil
bromoform : Toxic
antipruritic : Healing
cytisus : Nature
drug : Toxic
paradise : Life
macrothelypteris : Nature
tachogram : Tech
rogue : Evil
currentness : Electric
interphone : Tech
lidar : Tech
trogonidae : Animal
epimedium : Nature
feathertop : Air
rose : Nature
pharmacology : Healing
curability: Healing
ungulate: Animal
artichoke: Nature
conocarpus: Nature
myrmecophyte: Animal
chlorine: Toxic
windbreak : Air
foundering : Water
holiness : Good
teredinidae : Water
trachipterus : Water
thief : Dark 
secateurs : Cutting 
hornwort : Nature
bolti : Tech
blaster : Fire
celesta : Magic
mercury : Healing
tetrode : Tech
hit : Blunt
tellurian : Earth
cow : Animal
mayhaw : Nature
radium : Toxic
altar : Light
parakeet : Animal
obliterator : Evil
gong : Magic
incinerator : Fire
mustela : Animal
dicot : Nature 
nebula : Light
fumigator : Toxic
aspen : Nature
anamorphosis : Magic
eupnea : Air
dastardliness : Evil
kennel : Animal
corticosteroid : Healing
courtliness : Good
topsoil : Earth
episcleritis : Healing
daphne : Nature
potto : Animal
monkey : Animal
hydrothorax : Water
magnetometer : Electric
coniferopsida: Nature
aplodontiidae: Animal
ursidae: Animal
oleaster: Nature
macropodidae: Animal
egretta: Animal
wound: Cutting
electra : Electric
dapsone : Toxic
intaglio : Piercing 
grainfield : Nature
jaguar : Animal
cannonade : Fire
pereskia : Nature
elbowing : Piercing
lifeblood : Life
decontamination : Toxic
zamboni : Tech
lobotidae : Animal
shin : Piercing
salp : Water
destroyer : Evil
foal : Animal
anguish : Dark
rhinorrhea : Toxic
schefflera : Nature
ascension : Light
cetraria : Nature
thrombophlebitis : Toxic
putrescence : Toxic
barrenwort: Nature
thermosphere: Air
muscari: Nature
ambiversion: Light
bronchodilator: Air
midnight : Dark
myricaceae : Nature
dissolve : Water
mayweed : Nature
masonry : Earth
hammerlock : Blunt
talus : Earth
tropaeolum : Nature
samoyed : Animal
naturalness : Nature
eranthis : Nature
electrosurgery : Electric
winch : Tech
blast : Fire
heath : Nature
decantation : Magic
countermine : Tech
deforestation : Nature
fulmar : Animal
oxyacetylene : Fire
impiety : Evil
pelobatidae : Animal
rhyacotriton : Animal
midwifery : Healing
predation : Animal
formaldehyde : Toxic
chordata : Animal
ketorolac : Toxic
sulindac : Toxic
merganser : Animal
rejoicing : Life
biosphere : Nature
death-roll : Death
biomedicine : Healing
biopsy : Healing
poseidon : Water
lagostomus : Animal
glacier : Water
bumboat : Tech
helicidae : Animal
menyanthes : Nature
gasteromycete : Nature
acid : Toxic
maser : Tech
disk : Tech
budding: Life
launcher: Tech
thistle: Nature
passiflora: Nature
thlaspi : Nature
tibicen : Animal
chiroptera : Animal
hydrate : Water
pilchard : Animal
punch : Blunt
chaffinch : Animal
viperidae : Animal 
rorippa : Nature 
spiritualism : Magic 
brooch : Piercing
euglenophyceae : Nature
flatbed : Tech
ceratitis : Toxic
biotite : Earth
urocyon : Animal
warhorse : Animal
bioelectricity : Electric
telecommunication : Tech
bugleweed : Nature
megaera : Evil
death : Death
checkup : Healing
grass : Nature
attraction : Magic
vetch : Nature
switchman : Tech
positron : Electric
lymphangitis : Toxic
maturation : Life
frogmouth : Animal
shrink-wrap : Tech
oppressor : Evil
tungstate : Toxic
persuasion : Magic
mobilization : Tech
lame : Cutting
faun : Animal 
wolfe : Animal 
shooting : Fire 
gunnery : Cutting 
mucus : Nature
parasitism : Nature
arisaema : Nature
amplifier : Tech
apatite : Earth
cove : Water
salmonidae : Animal
plastic : Tech
mafioso : Evil
veterinarian : Healing
electrocutioner : Electric
luminism : Light
formicidae : Animal
damages : Evil
forgiveness : Good
birth : Life
shovelhead : Blunt
polyergus : Animal
undercut : Piercing
afrocarpus : Nature
freon : Tech
clockwork : Tech
shoal : Water
cytophotometer : Tech
recidivism : Evil
handball : Blunt
erigeron : Nature
prestidigitation : Magic
mahout : Animal 
pommel : Blunt 
flame-out : Fire 
revolver : Piercing 
cable : Tech 
lovebird : Animal 
daffodil : Nature 
angel : Good
oceanic : Water
strelitzia : Nature
sterilization : Tech
ammonia : Toxic
photograph : Light
cercopithecidae : Animal
photocopier : Tech
monkfish : Animal
thujopsis : Nature
rapateaceae : Nature
olea : Nature
wapiti : Animal
grunt : Animal
cyclopterus : Animal
animatism : Nature
mace : Blunt
bucksaw : Cutting
notoryctus : Animal
reverence : Good
greenery : Nature
cleaver : Cutting
clupea : Animal
muscicapidae : Animal
adansonia : Nature
lycaenid : Animal
waking : Life
archangel : Good
mirror : Light
caldera : Fire
tune-up : Tech
stoneware : Earth
bugbear : Evil
mangrove : Nature
lonicera : Nature
poison : Toxic
erethizontidae : Animal
thumbscrew : Blunt
electrotherapy : Electric
scratcher : Piercing
malversation : Evil
hymenophyllum : Nature
armor : Cutting
dynamite : Fire
dracenaceae : Nature
conchfish : Water
ascaris : Toxic
anthropoidea : Animal
mold : Water
primatology : Animal
avarice : Evil
daubentoniidae : Animal
phyllidae : Animal
petromyzoniformes : Animal
chrysolite : Earth
lashing : Cutting
rustic : Nature
zoologist : Animal
ceratotherium : Animal
corvidae : Animal
lauraceae : Nature
workmate : Tech
nergal : Evil
cudgel : Blunt
thysanopter : Animal
aplysia : Animal
matrix : Tech
lawn : Nature
diomedeidae : Animal
eryngium : Nature
collembola : Animal
trencher : Blunt
phosphine : Toxic
skeleton : Death
ecologist : Nature
whitefly : Animal
kalotermes : Animal
code : Tech
caracal : Animal
batting : Blunt
cheer : Light
treachery : Evil
probity : Good
environment : Nature
chelonian : Animal
archery : Piercing
llama : Animal
gestation : Life
pharaoh : Magic
fluorite : Nature
vamp : Evil
transmitter : Electric
puff : Air
injector : Tech
nurse-midwife: Healing 
awl: Piercing 
stalactite: Earth 
entrepreneur : Good
cyberculture : Tech
cellulitis : Toxic
heliotherapy : Healing
antipope : Evil
exploiter : Evil
semidesert : Nature
anobiidae : Animal
harrow : Blunt
nanovolt : Electric 
sanderling : Animal
seaside : Water 
pahoehoe : Fire 
infancy : Life 
whinstone : Earth
herbalist : Nature
pinkroot : Nature
disembowelment : Dark
chronometer : Tech
saprophyte : Nature
convection : Electric
silicosis : Toxic
Apoptosis : Death
Aspleniaceae : Nature
Sceloporus : Animal
Acrocephalus : Air
Shorea : Nature
Keratoderma : Healing
drumming : Blunt
karate : Blunt
nail : Piercing
maidu : Nature
backhander : Blunt 
haunt : Darkness
eye-beaming : Light
visionary : Magic
unix : Tech
madderwort : Nature
technicality : Tech
biplane : Tech
shimmer : Light
dinosaur : Animal
bombus : Tech
erianthus : Nature
pyrolusite : Earth
dorotheanthus : Nature
zap : Electric
knock: Blunt
shadowing: Dark
whisperer: Magic
silicate: Earth
float: Water
shade: Dark
naturalization: Nature
mobile: Tech
bloodhound : Animal
springbok : Animal
tunicate : Nature
aristolochiales : Nature
acrocarpus : Nature
seepage : Water
ladyfish : Animal
slate : Earth
proboscidea : Animal
barometer : Tech
abalone : Animal
hydrophobia : Water
photoelectron : Electric
blackberry-lily : Nature
cephalopoda : Animal
destructiveness : Evil
angelica : Nature
parulidae : Animal
cercaria : Animal
phyllostomus : Animal
airmail : Air
heelbone : Death
dejection : Evil
slam : Blunt
wetting : Water
ardor : Fire
self-knowledge : Healing
kindness : Good
dioxin : Toxic
tetracycline : Healing
synesthesia : Magic
mugil : Animal
judas : Evil
tyranni : Evil
lever : Tech
aranea : Animal
attractor : Magic
ricochet : Electric
chaffweed : Nature
compiler : Tech
plasticizer : Toxic
drosophila : Animal
longanberry : Nature
cross-pollination : Nature
megalomaniac : Evil
load-shedding : Tech
deodar : Nature
tideway : Water
balk : Blunt
smog : Toxic
juju : Magic
pickerel : Animal
infanticide : Evil
cambarus : Animal
diamond : Earth
gorse : Nature
strawflower : Nature
arson : Fire
interstate : Tech
lagodon : Animal
washup : Water
hyssopus : Nature
sciurus : Animal
dogwood : Nature
turdidae : Animal
bit : Tech
sorcerer : Magic
projector : Tech
limax : Animal
goethite : Earth
pineapple : Nature
eira : Animal
mimosa : Nature
blackwood : Nature
typhoon : Water
haw : Nature
polybotrya : Nature
ferrocerium : Fire
starflower : Nature
prophets : Light
adjuration : Magic
cryocautery : Tech
hatchery : Animal
augury : Magic
smoulder : Fire
nest : Animal
hemp : Nature
gaslight : Tech
hellgrammiate : Evil
narcotic : Toxic
holothuria : Animal
personhood : Life
dipodomys : Animal
dactylorhiza : Nature
eddy : Air
lichenales : Nature
everlastingness : Life
leukemia : Death
cerambycidae : Animal
supernova : Fire
coleonyx : Animal
thecodont : Animal
metasequoia : Nature
cholera : Toxic
nymph : Nature
aromatherapy : Healing
willow : Nature
minivan : Tech
gnosis : Magic
urchin : Animal
reithrodontomys : Animal
cetoniidae : Animal
phalacrocoracidae : Animal
audiotape : Tech
chamaecyparis : Nature
oncologist : Healing
angiosperm : Nature
vegetable : Nature
anthropoid : Animal
catalpa : Nature
hawfinch : Animal
highlight : Light
coal : Earth
trout : Water
oviraptorid : Animal
photocoagulation : Light
lepisosteus : Water
sheepshearing : Animal
bungarus : Toxic
epona : Animal
ovulation : Life
bionics : Tech
dinoflagellata : Water
pyromancy : Fire
devilwood : Nature
dew : Water
flight : Air
heartlessness : Evil
transducer : Tech
sadism: Evil
ascospore: Nature
coolant : Tech
seismology : Earth
druidism : Magic
polymer : Tech
rickettsiaceae : Toxic
electromagnetism : Electric
shamanism : Magic
aircraft : Air
quartering : Blunt
syringa : Nature
altair : Air
biogeography : Nature
aquatint : Water
flintstone : Fire
millstone : Earth
canoeist : Water
pneumococcus : Toxic
equus : Animal
rynchops : Animal 
malacosoma : Animal
aconitum : Nature
gean : Animal
triatoma : Animal
acarina : Animal
hamamelites : Nature
rebirth : Life 
puffer : Water 
arundinaria : Nature 
gerrhonotus : Animal 
ax : Cutting 
rimu : Nature 
phaeophyceae : Nature 
encoding : Tech 
pimp : Evil 
kinosternidae : Animal
melursus: Animal
damkina: Water
melicoccus: Nature
petaurista: Animal
mutagen: Toxic
needlework: Piercing
synthetic: Tech
perdicidae: Animal
anoplura: Animal
antiknock : Toxic
chilopoda : Animal
silo : Tech
merino : Animal
purr : Animal
myonecrosis : Toxic
sinner : Evil
taeniidae : Animal
marantaceae : Nature
telekinesis : Magic
halogeton : Toxic
warmongering : Evil
walkman : Tech
animist : Animal
digitoxin : Toxic
growth : Life
superhighway : Tech
neem : Nature
moistening : Water
wife : Life
eraser : Tech
liger : Animal
disciple : Good
lurker : Evil
mountain : Earth
thylacine : Animal
branch : Nature
pesticide : Toxic
pipidae : Animal
forestiera : Nature
piciformes : Animal
ringtail : Animal
drosophilidae : Animal
flagfish : Animal
fiberboard : Tech
mink : Animal
hater : Evil
authoritarian : Evil
ectoplasm : Magic
heretic : Evil
camcorder : Tech
dive : Water
waterwheel : Water
anticyclone : Air
counterblow : Blunt
stud : Piercing
sericulturist : Nature
cryptophyceae: Water
marten: Animal
stove: Tech
automation: Tech
cicindelidae : Animal
dead : Death
squatina : Animal
saururus : Nature
arsine : Toxic
badger : Animal
chickasaw : Animal
ripsaw : Cutting
kirpan : Piercing
lego : Tech
ibex : Animal
cathartes : Animal
peronospora : Toxic
vincetoxicum : Toxic
husk : Nature
adelgid : Toxic
agrimonia : Nature
ptychozoon : Animal
phototherapy : Light
circuit : Tech
snout : Animal
acanthophis : Animal
ornithopod : Animal
dichondra : Nature
papyrus : Earth
copperhead : Animal
flesh : Life
egg : Animal
collusion : Evil
hydrilla : Toxic
badness : Evil
houseplant : Nature
apodemus : Animal
malfunction : Tech
airliner : Air
podargus : Animal
wrongdoer : Evil
seminary : Healing
aphrodisia : Nature
doge : Animal
swatter : Blunt
victimizer : Evil
alcea : Nature
polyangiaceae : Nature
protozoa : Animal
empathy : Healing
feijoa : Nature
lionet : Animal
exabyte : Tech
baby : Life
cryptomeria : Nature
almandite : Earth
snipefish : Water
eutrophication : Nature
weather : Air
dracula : Dark
camel : Animal
lizard's-tail : Animal
polynemidae : Water
lepidosauria : Animal
nakedwood : Nature
horus : Light
robber : Evil
puppet : Tech
hylactophryne : Animal
honeybee : Animal
grouper : Animal
pterois : Water
nitrocalcite : Earth
weaponry : Cutting
shearing : Cutting
tsuga : Nature
bellbird : Animal
calycanthus : Nature
perpetrator : Evil
molidae : Animal
glucosamine : Healing
barley : Nature
selsyn : Tech
bullterrier : Animal
delphinapterus : Animal
trammel : Blunt
farrow : Animal
lode : Earth
rushlight : Light
nourishment : Healing
polymorphism : Nature
quadruped : Animal
mournfulness : Dark
nogging : Blunt
rehabilitation : Healing
olympus: Nature
bugbane: Toxic
villainy: Evil
teaberry: Nature
peridiniidae: Water
mesocricetus: Animal
shipbuilding: Water
equipment: Tech
oxyura: Animal
criminal: Evil
preserver: Healing
gerenuk: Animal
carver: Cutting
cotter: Blunt
sequoiadendron : Nature
basilisk : Toxic
battledore : Blunt
antifungal : Healing
quipu : Tech
lilith : Evil
aerophile : Air
algol : Tech
matricaria : Nature
hippocrates : Healing
methanogen : Fire
hypanthium : Nature
palfrey : Animal
propanol : Toxic
perfidy : Evil
steelmaker : Tech
jumpstart : Electric
enfilade : Cutting
strychnine : Toxic
deerberry : Nature
infuriation : Evil
glassblower : Fire
volcano : Fire
killdeer : Animal 
reptile : Animal
cautery : Healing 
boneshaker : Blunt 
cub : Animal 
pigweed: Nature
hymn : Light
falconiformes : Animal
loranthaceae : Nature
lacer : Cutting
armageddon : Evil
monodon : Animal
handcar : Tech
parang : Cutting
missionary : Good
chivalry : Good
fern : Nature
cotoneaster : Nature
todidae : Animal
chiropractor : Healing
tetrodotoxin : Toxic
ghost : Death
wollastonite : Earth
dab : Blunt
tabanidae : Animal
meleagris : Animal
bomber : Fire
gopher : Animal
pork : Animal
mimidae : Animal
balsamorhiza : Nature
linocut : Cutting 
cave: Earth 
asphodeline : Nature 
apocynum : Nature 
feldspar : Earth
uraninite : Toxic
regimentation : Tech
coachwhip : Blunt
thunderclap : Electric
ether : Air
milan : Animal
necrobiosis : Death
bullfrog : Animal
aculea : Piercing
integrity : Good
purgative : Healing
cart : Tech
salpinx : Blunt
thrust : Piercing
oleoresin : Nature
atmometer : Tech
spectrograph : Tech
iceboat : Water
faithful : Good
melolonthidae : Animal
platycephalidae : Animal
hell : Evil
phasianid : Animal
coralbells : Nature
quantization : Tech
spalax : Animal 
perissodactyla : Animal
roadrunner : Animal
melopsittacus : Animal
spike : Piercing
hoya : Nature
featherweight : Air
thysanura : Animal
lovingness : Good
loudspeaker : Tech
bittacidae : Animal
anserinae : Animal
agape : Good
ripper : Cutting
impudence : Evil
seismologist : Earth
wonderland : Magic
output : Tech
anesthesiologist : Healing
leprosy : Toxic
herpetology : Animal
prophet : Magic
humanity : Good
airline : Air
anoa : Animal
squeaker : Animal
agouti : Animal
wounded : Healing
benzene : Toxic
truthfulness : Good
hardwood : Earth
dimmer : Tech
torchbearer : Light
digitalis : Toxic
geomancer : Magic
chandelier : Light
cur : Animal
musketry : Blunt
plague : Toxic
loquat : Nature
pogrom : Evil
poltergeist: Evil
scrubbird: Animal
devices: Tech
cacicus: Animal
spokeshave : Blunt
pentode : Tech 
firearm : Cutting 
lock-gate : Tech 
scorch : Fire
pholadidae : Animal
season : Nature
broadax : Cutting
embolectomy : Healing
thanatology : Death
firewall : Fire 
riverbed : Water
sphyrna : Nature
casuarius : Animal
flowerbed : Nature
chlorinity : Water
kidnapper : Evil
minisub : Tech
dendromecon : Nature
torridity : Fire
lanternfish : Water
molossidae : Animal
forsythia : Nature
humulus : Nature
telethermometer : Tech
hellbender : Animal
gaea : Nature
anhimidae : Animal
exhumation : Death
recovery : Healing
oak : Nature
spherometer : Tech
anthozoa : Water
liman : Water
midwife : Healing
mytilus : Water
scablands : Earth 
goosefoot : Nature
gearbox : Tech
pearlwort : Nature
shrine : Magic
centranthus : Nature
cassiterite : Earth
megaptera : Animal
gildhall : Light
glowworm : Nature
vespertilio : Animal
saw : Cutting
byte : Tech
collembolan : Animal
grassland : Nature
diervilla : Animal
piglet : Animal
apium : Nature
chytridiomycetes : Nature
photopigment : Light
airburst : Air
compositae : Nature
downpour : Water
landscapist : Nature
jugular : Piercing
tiglon : Animal
mackerel : Animal
blindworm : Animal
jimsonweed : Nature
diabolism : Evil
sandarac : Nature
aepyornidae : Animal 
spurge : Nature
cutthroat : Cutting
kalotermitidae : Animal
bluebird : Animal
parentage : Life
anti-inflammatory : Healing
cruelty : Evil
electroretinogram : Electric
sneezeweed : Nature
electrode : Electric
forewing : Air
agaricales : Nature
uppercut : Piercing
kea : Animal
microbalance : Tech
resonator : Tech
fungia : Nature
flamethrower : Fire
magnoliidae : Nature
grouse : Animal
chromite : Earth
moonseed : Nature
triggerfish : Water
overlord : Evil
mineral : Earth
pool : Water
mudhif : Earth
ictalurus : Animal
laburnum : Nature
garden : Nature
serval : Animal
albulidae : Animal
young : Life
blip : Electric
shockley : Electric
dromaeosaur : Animal
yellowwood : Nature
evocation : Magic
stingray : Animal
palpation : Healing
dioscoreaceae : Nature
incisure : Piercing
carnosaur : Animal
mus : Animal
mechanism : Tech
discord : Dark
toxicology : Toxic
ailurus : Animal
volund : Electric
ethchlorvynol : Toxic
sigmodon : Animal
gorilla : Animal
eschrichtius : Animal
transponder : Tech
trampler : Blunt
bonefish : Animal
hazelnut : Nature
chalcididae : Animal 
calliphora : Animal
cipher : Magic
ailuropodidae : Animal
orthodontist : Healing
mammoth : Animal
tarsier : Animal
zeolite : Earth
hart's-tongue : Nature
plethysmograph : Tech
bolide : Fire
burro: Animal
printout: Tech
splash: Water
tibetan: Nature
watering: Water
hearth : Life
pomo : Nature
pet : Animal
bloat : Toxic
shakedown : Evil
heart : Life
bunchberry : Nature
schemer : Evil
biosystematics : Nature
purslane : Nature
logarithm : Tech
gastrulation : Life 
rose-root : Nature
cryptography : Tech 
snip : Cutting
guaiacum : Nature
desmodus : Animal
furunculosis : Toxic
lemuroidea : Animal
ononis : Nature
tropism : Nature
cat's-claw : Animal
lymphadenitis : Healing
assegai : Piercing
parrot : Animal
falchion : Cutting
tendinitis : Healing
endocarditis : Healing
wateriness : Water
neurosurgeon : Healing
circuitry : Tech
hitler: Evil
brand: Fire
warplane: Tech
horsehide: Animal
tautog: Animal
snow-in-summer : Water
minicar : Tech
broadcasting : Electric
ocotillo : Nature
blackfoot : Animal
afterlife : Life
nefariousness : Evil
splinter : Piercing
cloud: Air
cryoanesthesia: Water
jet: Air
countersink: Cutting
leptocephalus: Water
myrmeleontidae: Animal
plagioclase: Earth
fishbowl: Water
shipworm: Animal
watercourse: Water
hardinggrass : Nature
birthwort : Healing 
bubalus : Animal 
dipsosaurus : Animal 
streamer : Air
headwind : Air 
detector : Tech 
hystricidae : Animal
zoarces : Water
football : Blunt
soap : Water
mitomycin : Toxic
electrophorus : Electric
nitrospan : Fire 
airflow : Air
triops : Animal
unkindness : Evil
cockatrice : Magic
puppy : Animal
stannite : Earth
sandgrouse : Animal
smasher : Blunt
globicephala : Animal
clethra : Nature
steppe : Earth
laceration : Cutting
enchantress : Magic
driveshaft : Tech
whirlwind : Air
keyboard : Tech
physeter : Animal
scythe : Cutting
hibernation : Life
earthball : Earth
takin : Animal
conductance : Electric
amygdalus : Nature
forklift : Tech
oxide : Toxic
electrician : Electric
staphylococcus : Toxic
riptide : Water
heliophila : Light
distortionist : Magic
recrudescence : Healing
whitefish : Animal
asura : Evil
bunker : Tech
chokedamp : Toxic
cancerweed : Nature
cirrus : Air
superstring : Magic
ornithomimid : Animal
boltonia : Nature
scorpius : Animal
catacomb : Darkness
chigoe : Animal
planetesimal : Air
leper : Healing
hawkmoth : Animal
saururaceae : Nature
housefly : Animal 
lure : Animal 
anolis : Animal
arachnophobia : Animal
electrocution : Electric
acanthus : Nature
buffalofish : Animal
elephant : Animal
christ's-thorn : Nature
logo : Tech
niblick : Blunt
sequin : Earth
heulandite : Earth
dolomite : Earth
pacifist : Good
nyiragongo : Fire
antimetabolite : Toxic
vitalism : Life
stem : Nature
martensite : Tech
chlorate : Toxic
gyrocompass : Tech
limonite : Earth
weathercock : Air
paramagnet : Magic
coagulase : Healing
gammopathy : Toxic
tarpon : Water
leitneriaceae : Nature
sugarcane : Nature
gibberellin : Nature
gull : Animal
ballistics : Tech
heater : Fire
tuff : Earth
deception : Evil
hawk's-beard : Nature
arthropoda : Animal
prairie : Nature
seasnail : Animal
sturnella : Animal
suturing : Piercing
petard : Fire
fraud : Evil
ozarks : Nature
Loam : Earth
Seedtime : Life
haler : Healing
cavalryman : Animal
tendril : Nature
e-commerce : Tech
transformation : Magic
razorbill : Piercing
chrysaora : Water
alytes : Animal
paraquat : Toxic
cynopterus : Animal
remedy : Healing
barbarization : Evil
epidendron : Nature
ozone : Air
mytilidae : Animal
success : Good
snow : Water
polypedatidae : Animal
jeep : Tech
titania : Nature
glockenspiel : Light
rangifer : Animal
pyrophosphate : Toxic
alluvion : Water
survivor : Life
vigor : Healing
cocytus : Water
discouragement : Dark
fire-on-the-mountain : Fire
straightedge : Cutting
acre : Earth
symbolist : Magic
brucellosis : Toxic
ferricyanide : Toxic
coracias : Animal
abolitionist : Good
crematory : Fire
leucaena : Nature
geyser : Water
sphygmomanometer : Tech
lambis : Animal
messiah : Healing
scrophulariaceae : Nature
dandelion : Nature
dangerousness : Evil
bulldozer : Tech
cervidae : Animal
onychomys : Animal
lantana : Nature
dosemeter : Tech
aplodontia : Animal
gem : Earth
malfeasance : Evil
landmass : Earth
larvacide : Toxic
calanthe : Nature
wren : Animal
cluck : Animal
burning : Fire
platy : Animal
quickening : Life
clip : Cutting
cobweb : Nature
helenium : Nature
regicide : Evil
chick : Animal
orogeny : Earth
vitalist : Life
stonework : Earth
slaughter : Death
esophagoscope : Tech
raspberry : Nature
electrolysis : Electric
metatherian : Animal
puncture : Piercing
peroxide : Toxic
craspedia : Nature
dipsacaceae : Nature
acrocyanosis : Nature
burette : Tech
immunoassay : Tech
pumpkinseed : Nature
garuda : Animal
lightship : Tech
geraniales : Nature
marduk : Magic
rainbow : Light
lycophyta : Nature
garage : Tech
fanjet : Tech
reincarnation : Life
picoides : Animal
immunization : Healing
cicada : Animal
loving-kindness : Good
brooks : Water
pharmacy : Healing
arctostaphylos : Nature
pimozide : Toxic
morality : Good
theropod : Animal
canvasback : Animal
sialis : Animal
pratincole : Animal
voyeurism : Evil
beachfront : Water
stonecress : Earth
misanthropy : Evil
sagitta : Piercing
belladonna: Toxic
sawfly : Nature
zephyr : Air
virulence : Toxic
azide: Toxic
streptolysin: Toxic
propane: Fire
assembly: Tech
aquarium: Water
bunter: Blunt
geomancy : Magic
osteoblast : Life
nerthus : Nature
moo : Animal
blackheart : Evil
myosarcoma : Life
dash-pot : Tech
reflexology : Nature
accipitridae : Animal
humate : Healing
luscinia : Animal
abyss : Dark
tincture : Magic
rescue : Good
fluosilicate : Toxic
martynia : Nature
ultramicroscope : Tech
kidnapping : Evil
migrator : Animal
fiddlestick : Blunt
knell : Death
daisybush : Nature
barnacle : Water
forecaster : Magic
harebell : Nature
taxus : Nature
gnetum : Nature 
gerrididae : Animal
pay-phone : Tech
spectroscope : Magic
char : Fire
hydnum : Nature
mockingbird : Animal
collocalia : Animal
limewater : Water
blunderbuss : Blunt
megaton : Fire
diathermy : Electric
hydrocele : Water
tnt : Fire
cumulonimbus : Air
moonbeam : Light
phellodendron : Nature
ailment : Healing
sulfur : Toxic
fraudulence : Evil
mate : Animal
phacoemulsification : Tech
puffbird : Animal
titanosaurus : Animal 
angler : Animal
solenogastres : Animal 
scald : Fire 
macrocheira : Animal
vole : Animal
chromosphere : Fire
keratoplasty : Healing
cecropiaceae : Nature
creation : Life
dominion : Evil
mollusk : Water
pond : Water
agama : Animal
recoil : Electric
sequoia : Nature
vayu : Air
milliwatt : Tech
basketry : Animal
aluminate : Tech
oenothera : Nature
gonorrhea : Toxic
psyllidae : Animal
typescript : Tech
goitrogen : Toxic
shove : Blunt
usurer : Evil
broom : Blunt
meander : Water
outfall : Water 
grouseberry : Nature
boom : Fire
wildlife : Animal
magus : Magic
proboscidean : Animal
fieldstone : Earth
brad : Piercing
blowhole : Nature
suckling : Animal
lymph : Healing
scorpionida : Animal
macropus : Animal
schadenfreude: Evil
teething: Healing
printer: Tech
reflector: Light
fantasia: Magic
heartbeat : Life
airspeed : Air
beggarweed : Nature
stogy : Blunt
coruscation : Light
unlawfulness : Evil
lagoon : Water
widow : Life
boann : Nature
tidewater : Water
lights-out : Dark
combustible: Fire
tracheophyta: Nature
granadilla: Nature
bottom-feeder: Animal
godliness: Good
inula: Nature
banyan: Nature
flathead : Blunt
pygoscelis : Animal
towhee : Animal
rhynchocephalia : Animal
aragonite : Earth 
mojo : Magic
castanea : Nature
gallbladder : Life
gratefulness : Life
sockeye : Animal
webcam : Tech
broodmare : Animal
dormition : Life
farm : Nature
cladonia : Nature
pteridophyte : Nature
mending : Healing
al-tawhid : Light
plasmablast : Electric
ingot : Fire
oxygen : Air
recessional : Nature
songbird : Animal
clubbing : Blunt
callosotomy : Cutting
synapse : Tech
avalanche : Nature
diamante : Earth 
savara : Animal 
loyalty : Good 
gallantry : Good 
sonar : Tech 
phalarope : Animal
shoebill : Animal
cuprite : Earth
motacillidae : Animal
aerospace : Air
fawn : Animal
ray : Light
pollen : Nature
reserpine : Toxic
catgut : Piercing
acicula : Piercing
pushball : Blunt
anomalopidae : Animal
antiserum : Healing
potentiometer : Tech
javelin : Piercing
bambusa : Nature
cowrie : Animal
triakidae : Water
stalagmite : Earth
blackfly : Animal
applewood : Nature
spume : Water
taricha : Water
hickory : Nature
houdini : Magic
lahar : Water
tutankhamen : Death
polypedates : Animal
miller's-thumb : Animal
zinjanthropus : Animal
mastigoproctus : Animal
cyanocitta : Animal
lasiurus : Animal
thermocouple : Tech
rhinotermitidae : Animal
pteropus : Animal
contagion : Toxic
gadus : Animal
gelding : Animal
steed : Animal
jeweler : Earth
mobula : Animal
sabot : Blunt
motorcyclist : Tech
kilobyte : Tech
rock : Earth
arborolatry : Nature
diviner : Magic
teletypewriter : Tech
amaethon : Nature
signal : Electric
cowberry : Animal
surf : Water
diaphoretic : Healing
margay : Animal
mount : Nature
naranjilla : Nature
health : Healing
c-ration : Tech
scoreboard : Tech
coturnix : Animal
melanogrammus : Animal
catkin : Animal 
commelinaceae : Nature 
vandalism : Evil 
rowan : Nature 
thunderbolt : Electric
ephedra : Toxic
conformity : Good
streetlight : Light
nostoc : Nature
interrogation : Evil
rip : Piercing
arthropod : Animal
alley : Blunt 
leaf : Nature
snowcap : Water
stockcar : Tech
marine : Water
guano : Earth
sapremia : Toxic
sodium : Nature
satan : Evil
aspirin : Healing
lycopodiaceae : Nature
microspore : Nature
phegopteris : Nature
carp : Water
cementum : Earth
lycopodineae : Nature
mythologization : Magic
visibility : Light
greenskeeper : Nature
carjacking : Evil
plover : Animal
alloy : Tech
pompano : Animal
actinidia : Nature
curassow : Animal
alcedo : Animal
condylura : Animal
carcinogen : Toxic
foothill : Earth
arabidopsis : Nature
borago : Nature 
enlightenment : Light 
viverridae : Animal
ossuary : Death
tarpan : Animal
pentacle : Magic
leek : Nature
kalmia : Nature
groundcover : Nature
hypochlorite : Water
extinction : Death
kinosternon : Animal
interoperability : Tech
whirlpool : Water
paralichthys : Animal
pierce : Piercing
rejuvenation : Healing
varuna : Water
speleology : Earth
peridotite : Earth
liliaceae : Nature
chimaeridae : Animal
antiprotozoal : Toxic
nyx : Dark
theodicy : Good
god : Light
pilferage : Evil
heartburn : Healing
incandescence : Light
poultice : Healing
cucurbitaceae : Nature
aftercare : Healing
sub-assembly : Tech
clocksmith : Tech
beagle : Animal
oneiromancy : Magic
lancewood : Nature
hovercraft : Tech
rinse : Water
safebreaker : Tech
redhorse : Animal
catharanthus : Nature
paloverde : Nature
porker : Animal
leptospira : Toxic
andropogon : Nature
poisoning : Toxic
holophyte : Nature
euonymus : Nature
nailfile : Cutting
acropora : Nature
redemption : Light
grid : Tech
doomed : Dark
megawatt : Tech
bog : Earth
hygroscope : Water
medicare : Healing
waterworks : Water
salamandra : Fire
wading : Water
insurgent : Evil
abracadabra : Magic
nestling : Animal
eruption : Fire
marsupialia : Animal
breechblock : Tech
demodulation : Tech
processor : Tech
divinity : Good 
dictator : Evil
cetacea : Animal
lullaby : Healing
odometer : Tech
chokecherry : Nature
monkey-wrench : Tech
antedonidae : Animal
shredder : Cutting
radiotherapy : Electric
haematopus : Animal
tern : Air
valley : Nature
polyethylene : Tech
cryptogramma : Nature
myriapod : Animal
necturus : Animal
entomologist : Animal
cymbid : Animal
operation : Tech
bandsaw : Cutting
cyanobacteria : Nature
flea : Animal
capparis : Nature
mojarra : Animal
peltandra : Nature
ocyurus : Animal
bicycle : Tech
leishmaniasis : Toxic
palinuridae : Animal
myrmecia : Animal
thalictrum : Nature
biter : Cutting
soricidae : Animal
iridaceae : Nature
hypercoaster : Tech
galvanometer : Electric
cornfield : Nature
crossbar : Cutting
atrocity : Evil
volley : Blunt
homophobe : Evil
rhyolite : Earth
herder : Animal
pyrometer : Tech
vitamin : Life
demigod : Good
ocean : Water
menura : Animal
liomys : Animal
terebinth : Nature
menispermaceae : Nature
minniebush : Nature
hoe : Blunt
stickweed : Nature
xanthomonas : Toxic
chondrichthyes : Animal
blooming : Life
ironworks : Tech
teleportation : Magic
palaemonidae: Water
aggressor : Evil
quoits : Blunt
finder : Light
conviction : Good
euryalida : Animal
timekeeper : Tech
synagrops : Animal
plasmodiophora : Toxic
dogfighter : Evil
chlorococcales : Water
famine : Life
carpetweed : Nature
spot-welder : Tech
cortisone : Healing
xeroradiography : Tech
dasyuridae : Animal
sandblaster : Tech
flood : Water
amia : Animal
gallinula : Animal
asbestosis : Toxic
liver : Life
meter : Tech
truncheon : Blunt
malevolence : Evil
collie : Animal
gymnosperm : Nature
heartseed : Life
dropkick : Blunt
erythrite : Earth 
waterline : Water
pyrenomycetes : Nature
gigabit : Tech
ethernet : Electric
shrubbery : Nature
voiceprint : Tech
petroleum : Fire
paguridae : Animal
synthesist : Magic
greenhouse : Nature
cygnet : Animal
hyrax : Animal
budorcas : Animal
thraupidae : Animal
jadeite : Earth
motorcycle : Tech
humvee : Tech
badminton : Blunt
chipmunk : Animal
feather : Air
maleficence : Evil
moon-worship : Nature
plantago : Nature
wetter : Water
ritual : Good
nitrochloromethane : Toxic
graverobber : Evil
baseness : Evil
mugwort : Nature
oryzomys : Animal
joust : Piercing
lark : Animal
pyrausta : Animal
manhole : Earth
hoop : Blunt
redwood : Nature
nummulite : Earth
myocardium : Life
maja : Magic
ushas : Nature
nut : Earth
kabbalism : Light
embezzler : Evil
chassis : Tech
analeptic : Healing
lory : Animal
programming : Tech
buffalo : Animal
sprig : Nature
gospel : Light
scanner : Tech
physalia : Water
chili : Fire
lucanidae : Animal
sword : Cutting
bradypodidae : Animal
mistletoe : Nature
data : Tech
infrastructure : Tech
shotgun : Piercing
sorex : Animal
sphyrnidae : Animal
pagrus : Animal
hostile : Evil
banteng : Animal
tingidae : Animal 
sarsaparilla : Nature
vultur : Animal 
thalidomide : Toxic
kyanite : Earth 
recorder : Tech
salpingectomy : Healing
buceros : Animal
organic : Nature
goosander : Animal
abomination : Evil
chlorite : Earth
creeper : Animal
hamadryad : Nature
falconer : Animal
grindstone : Earth
intelnet : Tech
bauxite : Earth
hexachlorophene : Toxic
tetryl : Toxic
hydrant : Tech
arithmancy : Magic
avionics : Tech
antagonism : Evil
campanulales: Nature
acupressure: Healing
pyrophorus: Fire
gentiana: Nature
woodcock: Animal
wallaby: Animal
growing : Life
moray : Water
bulldog : Animal
pangaea : Earth
electrocautery : Electric
poppet : Magic
entomostraca : Toxic
wholeness : Healing
oocyte : Life
parotitis : Evil
epinephelus : Water
corydalus : Water
burrfish : Water
lingcod : Water
moonflower : Nature
rhinolophidae : Animal
merginae : Animal
brainwashing : Tech
xyridaceae : Animal
jerboa : Animal
serpentes : Animal
machinery : Tech
heartiness : Life
earthenware : Earth
succubus : Evil
planula : Nature
good-temperedness : Good 
whiteface : Light
carnotite : Earth
pokeweed : Nature
elf : Nature
chop : Cutting
aircrewman : Air
flamen : Fire
nimravus : Nature
pharmaceutical : Healing
auklet : Animal
immunology : Healing
volcanism : Fire
companion : Animal
spirit : Life
watch : Tech
thievishness : Evil
pagophilus : Water
dhole : Animal
redbud : Nature
hausmannite : Earth
demogorgon : Evil
pipefitting : Tech
agrostis : Nature
lyssavirus : Toxic
succulent : Nature
thermistor : Tech
samoyedic : Animal
buckskin : Animal
timberman : Blunt
apoidea : Animal
phenyltoloxamine : Toxic
phentolamine : Toxic
vibraphone : Electric
spaniel : Animal
anemone : Water 
basidiolichen : Nature 
metallurgist : Tech 
polydactylus : Animal 
alpinism : Nature
oligarch : Evil 
rhinoptera : Animal
opisthorchiasis : Toxic
deathbed : Death
anomalopteryx : Animal
pulley: Tech
osmanthus: Nature
butt: Blunt
maple: Nature
rainstorm: Water
snailfish: Animal
arctiid: Animal
amblyrhynchus : Animal
keteleeria : Nature
atharva-veda : Magic
ninkhursag : Nature
leopard : Animal
thoracotomy : Healing
venality : Evil
heliolatry : Light
harpooner : Piercing
dissolution : Water
liar : Evil
healthcare : Healing
pelycosaur : Animal
capuchin : Animal
sabbatia : Nature
resistor : Tech
aborticide : Evil
nuthatch : Animal
theophrastaceae: Nature
telemeter : Tech
hominid : Animal
mayacaceae : Nature
plectranthus : Nature
cynoscion : Animal
bacteriology : Toxic
astrantia : Nature
cobalt : Earth
appliance : Tech
punctum : Piercing
aegiceras : Nature
pheasant : Animal
animateness : Life
baseball : Blunt
pick : Piercing
swordtail : Cutting
submarine : Water
horsefly : Animal
goldeneye : Animal
bismuth : Earth
gerbil : Animal
airbrake : Tech
foxtail : Animal
ivorybill : Animal
shield : Blunt
balloon : Air
linotype : Tech
vicuna : Animal
wash : Water
pinhole : Piercing
nymphalidae : Animal
lamb's-quarters : Nature
tailstock : Tech
dolichotis : Animal
petrogale : Animal
brook : Water
molestation : Evil
pity : Good
philodendron : Nature
petrochemical : Tech
epidemic: Life
balsam: Nature
antilope: Animal
bufflehead : Animal
hosta : Nature
transmission : Tech
wren-tit : Animal
bonesetter : Healing
asclepias : Nature
cacodyl : Toxic
tupaiidae : Animal
chironomidae : Animal
clog : Blunt
polystyrene : Tech
sanity : Life 
escherichia : Toxic
osteoglossidae : Animal
shrimp : Animal
peripatidae : Animal
saber : Cutting
aerator : Tech
antidiabetic : Healing
virtue : Good
misfortune : Evil
jackdaw : Animal 
five-hitter : Blunt
tunnel : Tech
boneset : Healing
ipecac : Toxic 
carbonization : Fire
jammer : Tech
loess : Earth 
recklessness: Evil
pyrolatry : Fire
gastroboletus : Nature
diapensiaceae : Nature
inverter : Tech
falsity : Evil
dilleniaceae : Nature
pistoleer : Fire
soil : Earth
warrigal : Animal
oriolidae : Animal 
wingspan : Air 
osteophyte : Nature
mountaineer : Nature
homeopath: Healing
bloodletting: Healing
lakeside: Water
corrosive: Toxic
breath: Air
hare: Animal 
dragonfly : Animal
polymerization : Tech
gallinule : Animal
elephantiasis : Toxic
motmot : Animal
parks : Nature
marlberry : Nature
righteousness : Good
gunrunner : Evil
mycelium : Nature
ancestor : Life
cercopidae : Animal
silviculture : Nature
annotation : Tech
bothidae : Animal
geology : Earth
scabious : Nature
prionace : Animal
candle : Light
lolium : Nature
bedrest : Healing
aralia : Nature
orthodontics : Healing
gatling : Tech
prism : Light
puddler : Water
injustice : Evil
heartthrob : Life
ointment : Healing
loader : Tech
gametophyte : Nature
asystole : Life 
limacidae : Animal
caprimulgiformes : Animal
peromyscus : Animal 
wolffiella : Animal 
cartload : Blunt 
distemper : Toxic 
spitball : Blunt 
subwoofer : Tech
serum: Healing
cannery: Tech
miwok: Animal
magnoliaceae: Nature
hagberry : Nature
devastation : Evil
hoof : Animal
blight : Toxic
surya : Light
echoencephalography : Tech
proteaceae : Nature
interface : Tech
austrocedrus : Nature
vidua : Animal
pedaliaceae : Nature
maniac: Evil
living: Life 
hypnos: Magic 
murderousness: Evil
varmint: Animal
haematopodidae : Animal
anguillan : Water
prosthodontics : Healing
rampage : Evil
okapia : Animal
windstorm : Air
unit : Tech
krill : Water
sadist : Evil
thorn : Piercing
hemolysin : Toxic
woodworm : Animal
thrash : Blunt
smallpox : Toxic
revival : Life
silversword : Cutting
drawbridge : Tech 
lamplighter : Light
messiahship : Good
malamute : Animal
invocation : Magic
architecture : Tech
needlebush : Piercing
healing : Healing
trainload : Tech
tapir : Animal
lancet : Piercing
rhinoceros : Animal
acinonyx : Animal
massasauga : Animal
inclinometer : Tech
handwheel : Tech
silversmith : Earth
amelanchier : Nature
snapdragon : Fire
agrostemma : Nature
erythromycin : Healing
ovum : Life
arcidae : Water
chiococca : Nature
skysail : Air
exocoetidae : Water
dolphinfish : Animal
censer : Magic
enginery : Tech
photocathode : Electric
pinprick : Piercing
sharp : Cutting
tubocurarine : Toxic
paperweight : Blunt
humanness : Life
pseudohermaphrodite : Animal
anthyllis : Nature
rivulus : Water
midge : Animal
leukocyte : Life
pyorrhea : Toxic
gramophone : Tech
plantaginales : Nature
bryony : Nature
diospyros : Nature
toxicologist : Toxic
osier : Nature
pyrogen : Fire
angiogenesis : Nature
dongle : Tech
arrowhead : Piercing 
woodiness : Nature 
overheating : Fire 
crocodile : Animal 
ephedrine : Tech
equine : Animal
trichloroethylene : Toxic
hormone : Life
buxus : Nature
kabob : Piercing
stonefly : Animal
perianth : Nature
artemisia : Nature
trident : Piercing
crocodylia : Animal
platypus : Animal
naturalist : Nature
pilotfish : Animal
trolleybus : Tech
neon : Electric
hamming : Tech
fertility : Life
strabotomy : Cutting
caladium : Nature
bramble : Nature
gemma : Earth
pandanaceae : Nature
quicksand : Water
aerialist : Air
fig : Nature
spade : Cutting
cartridge : Tech
hermissenda : Nature
star : Light
adenium : Nature
stylet : Piercing 
obstetrician: Healing
glyph: Magic
backscratcher: Blunt
rawhide: Animal
cottonweed: Nature
cryometer: Tech
bitmap: Tech
greenness: Nature
hurling : Blunt
bohrium : Tech
caprimulgidae : Animal
repellent : Toxic
will-o'-the-wisp : Fire
samarium : Tech
domestication : Nature
altimeter : Tech
deviousness : Evil
cullis : Cutting
pitahaya : Life
chamaeleon : Animal
plastid : Life
armorer : Tech
oxlip : Nature
torturer : Evil
whitebait : Animal
annihilation : Death
chevrotain : Animal
brittlebush : Nature
ratchet : Tech
cockchafer : Animal
saxe : Cutting
anesthesiology : Healing
converter : Tech
countersubversion: Evil
percoidea: Animal
lymphopoiesis: Healing
stalin: Evil
nicotiana: Nature
narcosis: Toxic
extraction : Water
rat-catcher : Animal
amulet : Magic
crosswind : Air
lechwe : Nature
terror : Evil
bullfight : Blunt
squamata : Animal
luciferin : Light
thespesia : Nature
rhus : Nature
leporidae : Animal
tragelaphus : Animal 
inoculation : Healing
tagliatelle : Cutting
cyprinid : Animal
antiflatulent : Toxic
software : Tech
ultraviolet : Light
marsupial : Animal
oryctolagus : Animal
sarcoma : Toxic
electrostatics : Electric
piroplasm : Toxic
gimbal : Tech
respiration : Life
boil : Fire
greenshank : Nature
fairy : Magic
psettichthys : Animal
osteoarthritis : Healing
sarcoptes : Toxic
smew : Animal
scophthalmus : Animal
arcade : Tech
redpoll : Animal
armadillidiidae : Animal
zombi : Death
reovirus : Toxic
antibody : Healing
cercocebus : Animal
scorpaenid : Animal
thornbill : Animal
gargoyle : Dark
detonator : Fire
holocentridae : Animal
minefield : Earth
lifeguard : Life
sprinkler : Water
oceanfront : Water 
schipperke : Animal
beekeeper : Animal
backfire : Fire
overdrive : Tech
bombazine : Fire
testimony : Good
cotinga : Animal
snowman : Water
prominence : Fire
prosecution : Evil
cricetus : Animal
stockfish : Water
nyctimene : Animal
fruitlet : Nature
fuego : Fire
industrialism : Tech
kudu : Animal
necromancy : Magic
antioxidant : Healing 
melospiza : Animal
tailorbird : Animal
distillate : Water
phoeniculidae : Animal
raisin : Nature
radiance : Light
drymarchon : Animal
keycard : Tech
bladderwort : Nature
stone : Earth
balanitis : Toxic 
extractor : Tech 
caustic : Toxic 
coltsfoot : Nature 
sting : Piercing 
trichomoniasis : Toxic 
thiouracil : Toxic 
lapin: Animal
sedge : Nature 
whittle : Cutting
enterotoxin : Toxic
impulse: Electric
squilla : Water
alfalfa : Earth
delphinidae : Animal
tellurium : Earth
echinoderm : Water
sapling : Nature
mistflower : Nature
poeciliidae : Animal 
ophioglossaceae : Nature
precipitate : Water
southernwood : Nature
xenosauridae : Animal
sapindaceae : Nature
dewdrop : Water
marigold : Nature
belamcanda : Nature
clipping : Cutting
bushbuck : Animal
clinic : Healing
curandero : Healing
hydromancer : Water
seiche : Water
hymenomycetes : Nature
valetudinarian : Healing
sling : Blunt
glint : Light
gliridae: Animal
multiprocessing: Tech
daphnia: Animal
primrose: Nature
blackmailer: Evil
aleyrodidae: Animal
lyginopteris: Nature
mimus : Animal
ophidiidae : Animal
hydromyinae : Animal
chilomycterus : Animal
longhorn : Animal
stickball : Blunt
divination : Magic
marabou : Animal
orycteropodidae : Animal
exhaustion : Life
sickle : Cutting
circaea : Nature
sumerology : Magic
penance : Good
sphaeralcea : Nature
vaporizer : Tech
animal : Animal 
pier : Piercing
fantasy: Magic
leptodactylus: Animal
perca: Animal
checkpoint: Tech
acarus: Animal
breccia : Earth
soapsuds : Water
terrapene : Animal
apis : Animal
craton : Earth
adoration : Good
macumba : Magic
homunculus : Magic
razor : Cutting
phencyclidine : Toxic
ragweed : Nature
thermopile : Tech
star-of-bethlehem : Light
henbit : Nature
myxocephalus : Animal
notonectidae : Animal
resinoid : Nature
condensate : Water
bathyergus : Animal
photon : Light
outflow : Water
harpia : Animal
waterway : Water
caressing : Healing
pinworm : Animal
coneflower : Nature
crossbow : Piercing
lumpfish : Animal
she-oak : Nature
lorisidae : Animal
spodumene : Earth
multiprocessor : Tech
diamondback : Animal
ergot : Toxic
farmland : Nature
muskellunge : Animal
cayuse : Animal
surgeonfish : Animal 
consequence : Nature
backplate : Tech
scyliorhinidae : Animal
hexanchidae : Animal
prosthetist : Tech
leatherjacket : Animal
scrapheap : Earth
lophophora : Nature
putrescine : Toxic
spirituality : Light
neuroptera : Animal
lookdown : Animal 
cutworm : Cutting
lithops : Earth
lomogramma : Nature
arborvitae : Nature
malva : Nature
lion: Animal
prunus : Nature
reproduction : Life
achondrite : Earth
cedar : Nature
goose : Animal
lathyrus : Nature
assembler : Tech
tribulus : Nature
arquebus : Fire
briarroot : Nature
condemnation : Evil
philanthropist : Good
artiodactyla : Animal
evernia : Nature
chufa : Nature
sunnah : Light
greaves : Blunt
chomping : Cutting
myrmecophile : Animal
ventilation : Air
wirework : Tech
betterment : Life 
fluidram : Water 
lymantria : Dark
globin : Animal
telegnosis : Tech
vishnu : Good
remains : Death 
hyemoschus : Animal
salicornia : Nature
artemia : Animal
peneidae : Animal
bamboo : Nature
silurid : Animal
adversary : Evil
nepenthaceae : Nature
fresnel : Light
defiance : Good
technology : Tech
chelation : Healing
mayapple : Nature
lamb : Animal
acipenseridae : Animal
epee : Piercing
wicker : Nature
cisterna : Water
bronco : Animal
mulch : Earth
matchlock : Fire
wether : Animal
maianthemum : Nature
shellfish : Animal
lavatera : Nature
clorox : Toxic
aqueduct : Water
underbrush : Nature
tonic : Healing
phasmid : Animal
screamer : Nature
tarn : Water
venom : Toxic
hatefulness : Evil
slander : Evil
mascot : Animal
echeneididae : Animal
dagger : Cutting
zantedeschia : Nature 
fritillaria : Nature
sleep : Life
whiplash : Blunt 
isopod : Animal
grub : Animal
oceanid : Water
echinococcosis : Toxic
night : Dark
dendrobium : Nature
batfish : Animal
sandbag : Earth
heliogram : Light
bidens : Nature
hydrochlorothiazide : Toxic
overexploitation : Evil
phytolaccaceae: Nature
anacardiaceae: Nature
phlox: Nature
fumitory: Nature
ochotona : Animal
moth : Animal
submergence : Water
onomancy : Magic
gloominess : Dark
perinatologist : Healing
electricity : Electric
meadowlark : Animal
unholiness : Evil
malaclemys : Animal 
protohippus : Animal
matterhorn : Earth
agrobiology : Nature
geotropism : Nature
thermionics : Tech
malinois : Animal
shank : Piercing
digitization : Tech
falcon : Animal
taxodiaceae : Nature
berserker : Evil
aggro : Evil
gearset : Tech
sporangium : Nature
rhinotracheitis : Toxic
pustule : Toxic
tortoiseshell : Animal
linaceae : Nature
chrysothamnus : Nature
coccidium : Toxic
ice : Water
masher : Blunt
mortician : Death
euglenoid : Nature
chemosynthesis : Nature
carnivora : Animal
console : Tech
hypothermia : Water
synchromesh : Tech
knout : Blunt
lyrebird : Animal
animalization : Animal
plumber : Tech
wryneck : Animal
sparkle : Light
lion-hunter : Animal
basenji : Animal
perennation : Nature
mycotoxin : Toxic
gun : Blunt
pantograph : Tech
transistor : Tech
bloodstain : Life
phytotherapy : Nature
technicolor : Tech
marl : Water
willowherb : Nature
impalement : Piercing
mandrillus : Animal
perfection : Good
wainscot : Nature
pogostemon : Nature
pliers : Tech
respirator : Air
loch : Water
channel : Water
humanism : Light
chlorophyll : Nature
re-establishment : Nature 
bioscope : Tech 
pacification : Good 
vulpes : Animal 
smother : Fire 
swipe : Blunt 
colors : Light 
beryl : Earth 
calamagrostis : Nature 
crow : Animal 
sandbar : Earth
cebus : Animal 
electrophoridae : Electric 
fetoscopy : Healing
hybridoma : Tech 
geophysicist : Earth
rodent : Animal
barracuda : Water
machete : Cutting
falsehood : Evil
arsonist : Evil 
granddaughter : Life
aldehyde : Toxic
penlight : Light
capacitor : Tech
seedbed : Nature
kindling : Fire
warthog : Animal
birthrate : Life
pheromone : Nature
caltha : Nature
heatstroke : Fire
mildew : Toxic
carboniferous : Earth
needlewood : Piercing
synanceja: Water
duckweed: Life
gulag: Evil
ahimsa: Good
bee: Animal
cercopithecus: Animal
ichor: Toxic
borzoi: Animal
salvation: Light
pegmatite: Earth
bacitracin : Healing
pus : Toxic
aye-aye : Animal
gravimeter : Tech
lenitive : Healing
peirce : Piercing
arrow : Piercing
mastoidectomy : Healing
grison : Animal
anthericum : Nature
crosscut : Cutting
barograph : Tech
airiness: Air 
affusion: Water 
satureja: Nature 
topiary: Nature 
smash: Blunt 
hellfire : Fire
set-to : Blunt
autotype : Tech
anabantidae : Animal
foremother : Life
filly : Animal
pertusariaceae : Nature
gouger : Piercing 
conk : Blunt 
dorbeetle : Animal 
inlet : Water 
gymnophiona : Animal 
tulip : Nature 
self-induction : Electric 
aquaplane : Water
phosphorescence : Light
tetrachlorethylene : Toxic
sennenhunde : Animal
tower : Tech
gecko : Animal
turbulence : Air
hydromys : Animal
butterfly : Animal
affenpinscher : Animal
dipnoi : Animal
polemonium: Nature
sulfamethoxazole: Toxic 
cemetery: Death
werewolf: Animal
fencing: Piercing 
hydrozoan: Water
ascolichen : Nature
clematis : Nature
balm : Healing
lichen : Nature
palliation : Healing
point : Piercing
carpospore : Nature
torch : Fire 
decay : Death
poke : Blunt
sambucus : Nature
electrum : Electric
mimosaceae : Nature
ape-man : Animal
mephistopheles : Evil
cardiologist : Healing
lithosphere : Earth
immunoelectrophoresis : Healing
stomatitis : Healing
waterbuck : Animal
phyllium : Nature
stoma : Nature
bestiary : Animal
anubis : Dark
earring : Piercing
frail : Life
limbers : Animal
droppings : Nature
tectonics : Earth
horsepower : Animal
levitation : Magic
miner : Earth
grampus : Animal
paleobotany : Nature
colaptes : Animal
binturong : Animal
shear : Cutting
volcanology : Fire
portunidae : Animal
leptotyphlopidae : Animal
freemail : Tech
sidalcea : Nature
carassius : Animal
phyllocladus : Nature
wrench : Tech
alectoris : Animal
pitta : Animal
sciadopitys : Nature
lamprey : Animal
technophobe : Tech
beatification : Good
grewia : Life
milkwort : Nature
cotacachi : Nature
cobra : Animal
nuytsia : Nature
pangolin : Animal
coil : Electric
prednisolone : Healing
hippocampus : Animal
ziphiidae : Animal
irrigation : Water
sylph : Air
bullfinch : Animal
resurrection : Life
symbiosis : Nature
jewelry : Earth
ribbonfish : Water
theoterrorism : Evil
ore : Earth
dryas : Nature
cupressaceae : Nature
eden : Nature
locknut : Tech
glare : Light
apidae : Animal
bunchgrass : Nature
flatiron : Blunt
himmler : Evil
deutzia : Nature
counterterrorist : Tech
cutwork : Cutting
highjacker : Evil
brucine : Toxic
bombsight : Fire
pinguicula : Nature
spermatophyta : Nature
lobster : Animal
therapy : Healing
zygote : Life
oppression : Evil
heat : Fire
carcinoma : Toxic
bipedalism : Animal
aphyllanthes : Nature
suffragette : Good
incest : Evil
monodontidae : Animal
typhoeus : Air
gabbro : Earth
crab : Animal
aizoaceae : Nature
mousepad : Tech
papist : Evil
sloth : Animal
ballistocardiograph : Tech
underboss : Evil
spyware : Tech
creepy-crawlies : Animal
latrodectus : Animal
dendrite : Nature
wasp : Animal
brine: Water
waveguide: Electric
chinook: Air
hillside: Nature
softball: Blunt
polygonatum : Nature
verpa : Nature
medication : Healing
fireball : Fire
strelitziaceae : Nature
ptilonorhynchidae : Animal
moll : Animal
pollucite : Nature
curtisia : Nature
guardianship: Life
escalader: Cutting 
grossulariaceae: Nature 
heifer: Animal
poplar: Nature
bones: Death
calamintha: Nature
paradisaeidae: Animal
phloem: Nature
tipper: Blunt
leucothoe: Nature
rootstock : Nature
aptenodytes : Animal
homeopathy : Healing
acidosis : Toxic
treason : Evil
vermicide : Toxic
telerobotics : Tech
whacker : Blunt
barberry : Nature
wolfhound : Animal
gassing : Toxic
titaness : Light
catbird : Animal
scorcher : Fire
immorality : Evil
ripple : Water
gwydion : Magic
paraldehyde : Toxic
ceftriaxone : Tech
usurpation : Evil
pompeii : Fire
transferrin : Animal
tridacnidae : Animal
matrilineage : Life
solace : Healing
sap : Nature
ovibos : Animal
ciprofloxacin : Tech
electrocardiogram : Tech
sapindus : Nature
numerologist : Magic
mantispid : Animal
handbow : Piercing
driftfish : Water
annelida : Animal
iniquity : Evil
pademelon : Animal
ganoidei : Animal
variegation : Nature
spillway : Water
indri : Animal
arenavirus : Toxic
slaveholder : Evil
hell-kite : Evil
tomato : Nature
wirer : Tech
darlingtonia : Nature
picovolt : Electric
bodhisattva : Good
ultrasound : Tech
nephrotomy : Healing
soldierfish : Animal
cuterebra : Animal
winning : Good
bobcat : Animal
flare : Fire
mnemonist : Magic
elecampane : Nature
stump : Earth
television : Tech
salsola : Nature
piptadenia : Nature
palliative : Healing
ouse : Animal
mysidae : Animal
biodiversity : Nature
slammer : Blunt
bubo : Animal
tawse : Blunt
frost : Water
poephila : Animal
antelope : Animal
engraver : Cutting
sangoma : Healing
hoover : Tech
arbor : Nature
coniferales : Nature
fusee : Fire
cockateel : Animal
nycticorax : Animal
muffler : Tech
cathode : Electric
porpoise : Animal
gasification : Tech
snatcher : Evil
spallation : Cutting
farad : Electric
mouse : Animal
alteration : Magic
slain : Death
amalgamation : Magic
bane : Evil
fossil : Earth
hybrid : Nature
lockstitch : Tech
fistfight : Blunt
pelecanus : Animal
drill : Tech
armament : Cutting
gambusia : Animal 
tablefork : Piercing
innocent : Good
solvation : Water 
orphanage : Healing
coati : Animal
maul : Blunt
xylem : Nature
harmonium : Magic
unrighteousness : Evil
contamination : Toxic
tinamidae : Animal
lippizan : Animal
agonidae : Animal
instrumentality : Magic
shaper : Electric
innocence : Light
blackcock : Animal
nephthytis : Water
actinidiaceae : Nature
pipturus : Nature
elaphurus : Animal
basswood : Nature
fetus : Life
lophiidae : Animal
dichloride : Toxic
blenny : Animal
hacksaw : Cutting
flower : Nature
dinornis : Animal
mammea : Nature
icicle : Water
characin : Animal
skyrocket : Tech
adelgidae : Animal
peacekeeping : Good
alms-giving : Good
purulence : Toxic
hydrologist : Water
tsunami : Water
toxicity : Toxic
operations : Tech
pollinator : Animal
valve : Tech
cartilage : Earth
alpinia : Nature
canistel : Nature
alnus : Nature
lymphuria : Animal
schistosoma : Animal
urtica : Nature
bracken : Nature
hyssop : Nature
hen : Animal
laparoscopy : Tech
hevea : Nature
anatoxin : Toxic
laterite : Earth
phalangeridae : Animal
priestess : Magic
hematuria : Toxic
gekkonidae : Animal
polytheism : Magic
tichodroma : Animal
acupuncture : Healing
yearling : Animal 
cassowary : Animal
magic : Magic 
ballgame : Blunt
hydrozoa : Water
camelus : Animal
rhizobium : Nature
balsaminaceae : Nature
alternanthera : Nature
driftwood : Water
mesosphere : Air
wildcatter : Water
clowder : Animal
spiraea : Nature
eubacteria : Nature
drumlin : Earth
bushwhacker : Blunt
crystal : Nature
crosse : Cutting
humus : Earth
groundfish : Water
passerine : Animal
mollusca : Animal
crystallite : Earth
salmonberry : Nature
moppet : Animal
lagerstroemia : Nature
sedative : Healing
dirk : Cutting
curlew : Animal
hornpipe : Blunt
apterygidae : Animal
bitterroot : Nature
bribery : Evil
mastodon : Animal
accordion : Blunt
aquamarine : Water
candlelight : Light
seedcake : Nature 
arsenical : Toxic
salmon : Animal
molucella : Nature
extrusion : Tech
gymnadenia : Nature
jihad : Good
aerobe : Air
pongidae : Animal
germination : Life
protegee : Healing
imperialism : Evil
banger : Blunt
horsemanship : Animal
child : Life
cushaw : Nature
witchcraft : Magic
oxidation-reduction : Tech
thunder : Electric
plant : Nature
flourish : Nature
denunciation : Evil
crocodylidae : Animal
redeemer: Good
ranunculus: Nature
mesembryanthemum : Nature
cryostat : Tech
embiotocidae : Animal
infidelity : Evil
sustenance : Life
cowbell : Blunt
streambed : Water
connaraceae : Nature
dreamer : Light
tacker : Cutting
ferociousness : Evil
landslide : Earth
shears : Cutting
pick-off : Tech
coregonus : Animal
sink : Water
coot : Animal
pentlandite : Earth
corkscrew : Piercing
gardening : Nature
cockatoo : Animal
single-leaf: Nature
firebrick: Fire
hydrofoil: Water
laminator : Tech
custodian : Life
syringe : Healing
botanical : Nature
seascape : Water
kiln : Fire
pounder : Blunt
chameleon : Animal
undine : Water
periwinkle : Air
pancreatitis : Healing
ginkgoaceae : Nature
hydrazoite : Toxic
airframe : Tech
boat : Water
ophthalmoplegia : Healing
trachoma : Healing
calorimeter : Tech
megabyte : Tech
dutifulness : Good
cyprinus : Animal
balanidae : Animal
bone : Death
horsemint : Nature
bassariscidae : Animal
crowbar : Piercing
golfcart : Tech
naturopathy : Nature
azalea : Nature
caviidae : Animal
drink : Water
potato : Nature
caldron : Magic
autograft : Healing
skewer : Piercing
warbler : Animal
samaritan : Good
cuscus : Animal
chauna : Animal
guanaco : Animal
thanatopsis : Death
pigsticking : Blunt
osteopathy : Healing
acidification : Toxic
collider : Tech
internist : Healing
galeopsis : Nature
scab : Toxic
pipistrellus : Animal
tineola : Animal
aloe : Healing
scaffolding : Tech
begonia : Nature
blemish : Toxic
blackmail : Evil
picus : Animal
chimneystack: Fire
plunderer: Evil
haplopappus: Nature
propellant: Tech
fascioliasis: Animal
rivulet: Water
conjurer: Magic
fasciola: Animal
aquifer : Water
monogenesis : Nature
agua : Water
dendrolagus : Animal
soporific : Healing
nebule : Air
canebrake : Nature
feverroot : Nature
evangelism : Good
perjurer : Evil
magnum : Cutting
luminosity: Light
creole-fish : Water
hail : Water
prototherian: Animal
adapid : Animal
potamogeton : Water
lepidochelys : Animal
streptopelia : Animal
firefly : Light
hoist : Tech
mummy : Death
callicebus : Animal
backsaw : Cutting
leaflet : Nature
robbery : Evil
chub : Animal
unnaturalness : Evil
dryad : Nature
osmosis : Water
tankage : Tech
crex : Animal
anti-semite : Evil
diaphone : Electric
caw : Animal
deflagration : Fire
cane : Blunt
thimbleweed : Nature
betula : Nature
tinfoil : Tech
huisache : Nature
lamp : Light
musk : Animal
hippopotamidae : Animal
oblivion : Dark
panicle : Nature
wisdom : Good
dryopithecus : Animal
mule : Animal
amelioration : Healing
pipet : Tech
shellfire : Fire
euphrates : Water
videotape : Tech
embalmer : Death
acoraceae : Nature
system : Tech
urticaceae : Nature
mausoleum : Death
algorithm : Tech
goatfish : Animal
solanum : Nature
pisanosaur : Animal
zapper : Electric
castoroides : Animal 
marble : Earth 
thermostat : Tech
watertown : Water
davalliaceae : Nature
vitalness : Life
velvetleaf : Nature
foster-mother : Life
micrometer : Tech
tamarin : Animal
radioimmunoassay : Tech
violence : Evil 
accelerometer : Tech
truth : Good 
coxcomb : Blunt
eleocharis : Water
telpherage : Tech
megadermatidae : Animal
prefab : Tech
facsimile : Tech
engraulidae : Animal
hexagram : Magic
fire-eater : Fire
airfield : Air
hatchling : Animal
soapfish : Water
weigela : Nature
android : Tech
alkahest : Magic
gourd : Nature
games-master : Magic
fishpond : Water
medicine : Healing
silurian : Earth
truck : Tech
fluoroform : Toxic
pitsaw : Cutting
blastema : Nature
spreadsheet : Tech
oogenesis : Life
growling : Animal 
drummer : Blunt 
benefactress : Good 
leontocebus : Animal
archosargus : Animal
mallard : Animal
lidocaine : Toxic
cotyledon : Nature
amniocentesis : Healing
civet : Animal
heartleaf : Nature
ostrich : Animal
perforation : Piercing
sociopath : Evil
fecundity : Life
antheridium : Nature
stovepipe : Tech
workstation : Tech
assassination : Evil
canary : Animal
cascade : Water
vincristine : Toxic
matriarch : Life
aureolaria : Nature
glycoside : Toxic 
blastocyst : Life
aquarius : Water
hakea : Nature
fuse : Tech
terrapin : Animal 
typewriter : Tech
angledozer : Blunt
tormentor : Evil
leach : Water
buttercup : Nature
packrat : Animal
manatee : Animal
carriage : Tech
oecanthus : Animal
toxicodendron : Toxic
phyllostachys : Nature
wick : Light
apple : Nature
rabbitweed : Nature
spikemoss : Nature
haastia : Nature
monotreme : Animal
buckwheat : Nature
road : Tech
knotgrass : Nature
diapensia : Nature
ceratosaur : Animal
antiparticle : Tech
psilotaceae : Nature
ramrod : Blunt
tweeter : Electric
mangifera : Nature
pongamia : Nature
agelaius: Nature
prinia: Animal
rapier: Cutting
floodgate: Water
singlestick: Blunt
hyacinthoides: Nature
oilseed: Nature
bolo: Blunt
lawman: Good
rosmarinus: Nature
underground: Earth
modernity: Tech
mars: Fire
clitocybe: Nature
wings: Air
dropseed : Nature
mesohippus : Animal
choloepus : Animal
vespula : Animal
misgovernment : Evil
ornithischia : Animal
backswimmer : Animal
raccoon : Animal
fatality : Death
guppy : Animal
citrine : Earth
hewer : Cutting
gasmask : Tech
hoopoe : Animal
baton : Blunt
harvestman : Nature
slicer : Piercing
hagfish : Animal
insurgency : Evil
airship : Tech
babyrousa : Animal
grove : Nature
petaurus : Animal
jetliner : Tech
chopper : Cutting 
threadfin : Animal
rigel : Light 
dirt : Earth
kick : Blunt
agueweed : Nature
killer : Evil
rhabdovirus : Toxic
gravestone : Death
crucible : Fire
musket : Blunt
woodsia : Nature
bambuseae : Nature
hepaticopsida : Nature
plasmodiophoraceae : Nature
dybbuk : Evil
acaridae : Animal
jag : Piercing
thunderer : Electric
factory : Tech
buckskins : Animal
stamper : Tech
spur : Piercing
clergy : Good
fetoscope : Tech
stickpin : Piercing
newt : Animal
blackwater : Water
basidiospore : Nature
voodoo : Magic
dartboard : Piercing
viol : Light
raising : Life
parapsychologist : Magic
collinsonia : Nature
pipsissewa : Nature
halophyte : Nature
switcher : Tech
muhlenbergia : Nature
eschar : Fire
gentianaceae : Nature
puffin : Animal
holography : Tech
tarweed : Nature
brachiation : Animal
pomacentridae : Animal
motherwort : Nature
kalemia : Toxic
lampris : Water 
stitchwort : Nature 
mutineer : Evil 
hind : Animal 
leader : Light
groundbreaking : Earth 
frame-up : Evil 
cornstalk : Nature 
pounce : Animal 
apparition : Magic 
phlogopite : Earth
spermicide : Toxic
tursiops : Animal
hemigrammus : Animal
sphagnum : Nature
spadefish : Animal
trapshooter : Tech
cyprinodont : Animal
hogfish : Animal
shard : Cutting
wavelength : Electric
cladode : Air
ancestry : Life
origin : Nature
drone : Tech
monstera : Evil
haven : Good
preservationist : Healing
occult : Dark
toadfish : Animal
highlighter : Light
walrus : Animal
penguin : Animal
brunt : Blunt
pyrostat : Fire
mineralogist : Earth
shareware : Tech
campstool : Blunt
pulex : Animal
pulsar : Electric
waterproof : Water
leiopelma : Animal
cyberpunk : Tech
savanna : Nature
zooid : Animal
hue : Light
rice : Nature
ephedraceae : Nature
charadrii : Animal
bevatron : Tech
mutillidae : Animal
lythraceae : Nature
hill : Earth
dactyloscopidae : Animal
pika : Electric
butterbur : Nature
antifreeze : Toxic
ishtar : Magic
desmodontidae : Animal
solenichthyes : Water
cybercafe : Tech
dasyatis : Water
holocaust : Evil
parathelypteris : Nature
aerie : Air
craw : Animal
goldfish : Animal
auxin : Nature
pike-perch : Animal
ancylostomatidae : Animal 
bosch : Tech 
fluoride : Toxic 
contract : Good 
theurgy : Magic 
dabchick : Animal 
monopolist : Evil 
anchusa : Nature 
snook : Animal 
barrage : Fire
methane : Fire
magician : Magic
adapa : Nature
ironweed : Electric
cycad : Earth
gooseberry : Nature
antidorcas : Animal
grosbeak : Animal
strymon : Nature
rabbitwood : Nature
halibut : Water
cobol : Tech
meridian : Earth
corruptness : Evil
anarhichas : Animal
nazi : Evil
platanaceae : Nature
fishhook : Piercing
deer : Animal
elaeocarpus : Nature
hypnotism : Magic
prayer : Healing
autophyte : Nature
inquisition : Evil
endodontics : Healing
impoundment : Water
briarwood : Nature
instigator : Evil
dynamiter : Fire
petrocoptis : Nature
scylla : Dark
desalination : Water
insidiousness : Evil
oryzopsis : Nature
primate : Animal
liquefaction : Water
goblin : Evil 
robin : Animal
spilogale : Animal
bluefish : Animal
synchrotron : Tech
azure : Light
caesalpinioideae : Nature
babesiidae : Animal
thiotepa : Toxic
reprobate : Evil
spammer : Tech
ribbing : Blunt
cornhusk : Earth
psilotales : Nature
four-hitter : Blunt
rangeland : Nature
storm : Air
atlantic : Water
onychogalea : Animal
melanerpes : Animal
lifer : Life
bombycillidae : Animal
trichiuridae : Animal
keelboat : Water
terrarium : Nature
kanamycin : Toxic
sulfonate : Toxic
chanterelle : Nature
nichrome : Electric
araucaria : Nature
habitat : Nature
manticore : Animal
snowberry : Toxic
pomeranian : Animal
hoatzin : Animal
casuaridae : Animal
dazzle : Light
crowberry : Nature
emu : Animal
fatigability : Life
surfbird : Animal
booby : Animal
weka : Animal
amphibian : Animal
interferometer : Tech
telomerase : Life
nyctophobia : Dark
erignathus : Animal
courser : Animal
egotist : Evil
insurrectionism : Evil
lutefisk : Water
ailurophobia : Animal
petauristidae : Animal
bootstrap : Tech
fireweed : Fire
tamias : Animal
killing : Death
subjugator: Evil
bernstein: Earth 
brilliance: Light 
crookes: Electric 
blacksmith: Tech 
gastrula: Life 
trichomonad: Toxic 
insulator: Tech 
totipotency: Life 
apiary: Animal 
baraka: Magic
mahatma : Good 
peacekeeper : Light 
bayonet : Piercing 
narco-state : Evil 
pervert : Evil 
vinegariness : Water 
monotropaceae : Nature
orthoptera : Animal
rape : Evil 
natantia : Animal
cloverleaf : Nature
wombat : Animal
clover : Nature
colt : Animal
pipit : Nature
ahuehuete : Nature
actitis : Animal
catacala : Animal
impala : Animal
bull : Animal
peregrine : Animal
plumule : Nature
lionfish : Animal
caprifoliaceae : Nature
tularemia : Toxic
opacity : Light
video : Tech
photocoagulator : Tech
leptoptilus : Animal
bellicosity : Evil
meadowgrass : Nature
crystallographer : Earth
atherinidae : Animal
carchariidae : Animal
threat : Evil
congealment : Water
hematite : Earth
umbra : Dark
tent-fly : Air
piety : Good
cyberart : Tech
churchgoer : Good
dialyzer : Tech
polygonia : Nature
guitar : Blunt
timaliidae : Animal
potoroo : Animal
muton : Evil
lofortyx : Animal
onobrychis : Nature
duckpins : Blunt
goldenseal : Nature
solenidae : Water
shepherd : Animal
beachhead : Tech
mezereon : Toxic
mussel : Animal
electromyography : Tech
bisection : Cutting
gorgerin : Nature
plasmodium : Toxic
crotophaga : Animal
fireplace : Fire
murderer : Evil 
muskwood : Nature
cactaceae : Nature
avocet : Animal 
bonasa : Animal
allamanda : Nature 
hyracoidea : Animal
footcandle : Light
pennisetum : Nature
amorphophallus : Nature
tractor : Tech
platinum : Earth
cyclostyle : Tech
monomorium : Animal
koran : Light
grimm : Dark
regosol : Earth
pounding : Blunt
birthright : Life 
kestrel: Animal
panzer: Tech
agamid: Animal
alternator: Tech
rosidae: Animal
shaman: Magic
seaworthiness: Water
atomizer: Tech
religion: Healing
backwoods: Nature
poodle : Animal
impact : Blunt
bovinae : Animal
herbicide : Toxic
microelectronics : Tech
radiotelephone : Tech
nitrate : Toxic
luxor : Light
almoner : Healing
weathervane : Air
vapor : Water
brewing : Magic
modifier : Tech
database : Tech
caitiff : Evil
siamang : Animal
corer : Piercing
heaven : Good
corn : Earth
ratite : Animal
rescuer : Healing
cutler : Cutting
veneridae : Animal
rockfish : Water
starship : Tech
sewage : Toxic
thripidae : Animal
anadenanthera : Nature
impeller : Tech
droplet : Water
rootage : Nature
deceiver : Evil
girlhood : Life
flounder : Water
knight : Good
withers : Death
torquemada : Evil
demineralization : Nature
cockspur : Piercing
bunco : Evil
tench : Nature 
sarracenia : Nature 
sandiness : Earth 
pithecia : Animal 
sword-cut : Cutting 
arnoseris : Nature 
chlorosis : Toxic 
astroloma : Nature 
lepidobotrys : Nature 
seaweed : Water 
cowage : Water
lumberman : Cutting
teleprompter : Tech
larva : Nature
gastropod : Animal
fortunetelling : Magic
erasure : Light
biology : Nature
display : Tech
x-raying : Light
deposit : Earth
splicer : Tech
malpractice : Evil
hydrodamalis : Water
wellbeing : Healing
renegade : Evil
nimbus : Air
tack : Piercing
goldbrick : Blunt
breathalyzer : Tech
afterburner : Fire
brugmansia : Nature
tigress : Animal
fumigation : Toxic
paraphilia : Evil
mushroom : Nature
centrifuge : Tech
vermifuge : Toxic
conspiracy : Evil
workhorse: Nature
plane: Tech
tiger: Animal
fir: Fire 
chloropicrin: Toxic 
biotechnology: Tech 
vulcanization : Tech
contempt : Evil
phyllostomidae : Animal
nycticebus : Animal
lacerta : Animal
bloodbath : Death
walloper : Blunt
shocker : Electric
vulcanizer : Fire
weakfish : Water
caterwaul : Animal
euphoriant: Life
reforestation: Nature
lash: Cutting
mephobarbital: Toxic
satyr: Animal
hematocytopenia: Life
musophagidae: Animal
caesalpinia: Nature
arachnid: Animal
grease-gun : Tech 
propjet : Tech 
cleric : Magic 
cracidae : Animal 
cotton : Nature 
modem : Tech 
moss : Nature
bitchery : Animal
petal : Nature
langur : Animal
leptotyphlops : Animal
mews : Animal
flax : Nature
stream : Water
slash : Cutting
fluidity : Water
bludgeon : Blunt
druid : Magic
lioness : Animal
estuary : Water
rotor : Tech
gerbillinae : Animal
basset : Animal
rifleman : Cutting
pacemaker : Tech
bhakti : Nature
carcinoid : Toxic
sitar : Nature
photophobia : Light
miscarriage : Life
echinocactus : Nature 
hawthorn : Nature
hospital : Healing
wildness : Nature
baboon : Animal
typhon : Dark
goldmine : Earth
firebrat : Fire
cricket : Animal
podicipedidae : Animal
murderess : Evil
rotogravure : Tech
bustard : Animal
sardine : Animal
pro-lifer : Life
osteomalacia : Healing
owlet : Animal
spork : Blunt
silvervine : Nature
cochin : Animal
lama : Animal
struthionidae : Animal
doxorubicin : Toxic
scan : Tech
relay : Tech
peccary : Animal
sennit : Nature
gunfire : Fire
miterwort : Nature
pliers : Cutting 
hailstorm : Water
kelp : Water
hostility : Evil
readout : Tech
trichechus: Water
landscape : Nature
lysimachia : Nature
greenbelt : Nature
porbeagle : Animal
ceratopogon : Animal
stegosaur : Animal 
earth : Earth
harpist : Magic
satellite : Tech
deathblow : Death
urethritis : Toxic
creek : Water
watt : Electric
basidiomycota : Nature
chimera : Magic
rest : Life
stictopelia : Animal
garrulinae : Animal
nettle : Nature
forbearance : Healing
pitching : Blunt
whack : Blunt
radiocarbon : Tech
marmota : Animal
sharkskin : Cutting
charales: Water
woodcraft: Nature
dichromat: Light
meow: Animal
aquifoliaceae: Nature
network: Tech
electrosleep: Electric
curium : Toxic
octopoda : Nature
gnosticism : Magic
sheep-tick : Animal
ampere : Electric
socket : Tech
celeriac : Nature
coerebidae : Animal
necrosis : Death
catchment : Water
oyster : Animal
countryside : Nature
larynx : Animal
boarding : Tech
disinfectant : Toxic
chinchilla : Animal
periodontics : Healing
silverback : Animal
tarantula : Animal
oxazepam : Toxic
sanctification : Healing
chloroacetophenone : Toxic
mineralogy : Earth
resilience : Life
infarct : Dark
hirudinea : Animal
solomon's-seal : Nature
naiad : Water 
ivy : Nature 
euphorbiaceae : Nature 
happiness : Good 
etna : Fire 
alliaceae : Nature 
frogbit : Animal 
lux : Light 
salamandridae : Animal 
piculet : Animal 
tablet : Tech
lady-of-the-night : Evil
ogress : Nature
electron : Electric
toxicognath : Toxic
dawn : Light
pottery : Earth
bladderwrack : Water
vipera : Nature
placenta : Life
pipeline : Tech
quarrel : Blunt
sprites : Air
exotoxin : Toxic 
cowbird : Animal
laptop : Tech
dogsled : Animal
spell-checker : Tech
green : Life
idealist : Good
vulgarization : Evil
juglans: Water
sapsucker: Animal
tokamak: Tech
skunk: Animal
ichneumon: Animal
mesmer: Magic
saladin : Nature
cuttlefish : Water
cockleshell : Earth
talcum : Healing
lancers : Piercing
nemertea : Water
partridge : Animal
spotlight : Light
gerbillus : Animal
perisoreus : Animal
toaster : Tech
twilight : Dark
striker : Cutting
dasyprocta : Animal
juniper : Nature
paregoric : Healing
perishable : Life
toxin : Toxic
needlefish : Animal
actinomycete: Nature
sarin : Toxic
mining : Earth
malacopterygii : Animal
kahikatea : Nature
laser : Tech
avicennia : Nature
grevillea : Nature
harmfulness : Evil
phosphor : Electric
archegonium : Nature
optimization : Tech
minesweeping : Earth
permanganate : Toxic
didelphis : Animal
arboretum : Nature
miniaturization : Tech
hyena : Animal
scintillation : Light
immortality : Life
humaneness : Good
boswellia : Nature
reincarnationism : Life 
bauhinia : Nature
heartrot : Evil
duplicator : Tech
homophobia : Evil
spruce : Nature
wheatfield : Nature
wakefulness : Light
gracefulness : Good
scopolamine : Toxic
backache : Life
meerkat : Animal
nailhead : Piercing
hemlock : Toxic
terrier : Animal
anaglyphy : Light
kalashnikov : Tech
siphonaptera : Animal
ceratodontidae : Animal
visualizer : Tech
forest : Nature
insect : Animal
philanthropy : Good
brooklet : Water
lindane : Toxic
sparring : Blunt 
fruitfulness : Nature 
diode : Electric 
technetium : Tech 
helping : Healing
phytochemical : Nature
hyperthyroidism : Toxic
chinchillidae : Animal
thyroidectomy : Toxic
balaenoptera : Animal
gangrene : Toxic
ringhals : Toxic
oxylebius : Animal
perodicticus : Animal
motacilla : Animal
knobkerrie: Blunt
pandanus : Nature
xerography : Tech
cracticidae : Animal
warble : Animal
spitfire : Fire
mourning : Death
acorn : Nature
centrarchidae : Animal
gobiesocidae : Animal
herb : Nature
goldfinch : Animal
forget-me-not : Nature
potion : Healing
alga : Water
fomentation : Fire
matador : Blunt
recoding : Tech
baya : Nature
garrote : Cutting
murine : Animal
danger : Evil
cumulus : Water
schorl : Earth
torreya : Nature
pug : Animal
transfusion : Healing
night-light : Light
forgivingness : Good
amoralism : Evil
manx : Animal
spellbinder : Magic
gust : Air
manganite : Earth
neuroplasty : Healing
herring : Water
shininess : Light
klystron : Tech
foulness : Evil
exaltation : Good
jacksmelt : Water
peat : Nature
bucerotidae : Animal
otter : Animal
tricyclic : Toxic
gastritis : Healing
charity : Good
millipede : Animal
garroter : Piercing
theodolite : Tech
elk : Animal
aphididae : Animal
mammal : Animal
berith : Evil
sedation : Healing 
time-switch : Tech
whale : Animal
screwdriver : Piercing
friendly : Good
xenorhyncus : Animal
mossback : Nature
cypraea : Animal
quarryman: Earth
phytophthora : Toxic
macaque : Animal
barbet : Animal
serrasalmus : Animal
euthanasia : Death
born : Life
muscovy : Animal
spear : Piercing 
gasfield : Fire
aflatoxin : Toxic
coppersmith : Tech
clusia : Nature
chrism : Magic
sweetbrier : Nature
cardiidae : Animal
greed : Evil
bitumen : Toxic
lust : Evil
afforestation : Nature
shuffleboard : Blunt
patchcord : Tech
dihydrostreptomycin : Healing
good : Good
cheerlessness : Dark
poppy : Nature
picket : Piercing
swarm : Animal
bang : Cutting
cut : Cutting
cynipidae: Animal
amphicarpaea: Nature
tinca: Animal
herpestes: Animal
gaylussacia: Nature
hemiramphidae: Animal
solenostemon: Nature
formicarius: Animal
staghound: Animal
potorous: Animal
snakefly : Animal 
matrimony : Life 
parent : Life 
rain-wash : Water 
megabit : Tech 
iguanodontidae : Animal 
twayblade : Nature
protractor : Tech
wisent : Animal
cimicifuga : Nature
cryosurgery: Healing
chachalaca: Animal
echocardiograph: Tech
pterosauria: Air
air: Air
retrorocket: Tech
autoradiograph: Tech
fratercula: Animal
oleandraceae: Nature
naticidae: Animal
incense : Nature
tallgrass : Nature
duralumin : Tech
sprout : Nature 
arctocebus : Animal
pycnodysostosis : Toxic
trichosurus : Animal
apocynaceae : Nature
enterolith : Earth
contaminant : Toxic
tremor : Earth
starling : Animal
antarctic : Water 
whiteness : Light 
smelt : Fire 
diorite : Earth 
mystique : Magic 
industrialist : Tech 
orrisroot : Nature
causalgia : Healing
onchocerciasis : Toxic
cucumber : Nature
executioner : Death
naturopath : Healing
vampirism : Dark
tinamou : Animal
belligerence : Evil
arc : Electric
timeline : Tech
hedysarum : Nature
stachys : Nature
nephrite : Earth
nicotine : Toxic
eaglet : Animal
nephelinite : Earth
pterocles : Animal
breechloader : Blunt
snowdrift : Water
fetterbush: Nature
caribou: Animal
utahraptor: Animal
chert: Earth
pinnotheridae: Animal
orpiment: Toxic
asphodelaceae : Nature
costia : Toxic
detox : Healing
enterobius : Animal
vertebrate : Animal
quail : Animal
chilomeniscus : Animal
artamus : Animal
spondylarthritis : Toxic
oleaceae : Nature
paw : Animal
araucariaceae : Nature
cleavers : Cutting
youngness : Life
porcupinefish : Animal
salamander : Nature
microfilm : Tech
nutgrass : Nature
pistil : Nature 
potamogetonaceae : Nature
cadaverine : Death
satanophobia : Evil
animalcule : Animal
epigaea : Nature
flywheel: Tech
backblast: Fire
bile: Toxic
lupine: Animal
rotgut: Toxic
breathing : Life
luxuriance : Nature
diphtheria : Toxic
fizz : Electric
seawater: Water
pinball: Blunt
effector: Tech 
fury: Evil
fog: Air
astrologer: Magic 
deathtrap: Death
lion's-ear : Animal 
radiographer: Electric 
powerhouse: Tech 
penknife: Piercing
combativeness : Evil
replication : Tech
casuarinales : Nature
aphrophora : Air
emanation : Magic
idahoan : Nature
plagianthus : Nature
orangutan : Animal
flier : Air
safflower : Nature
mealworm : Animal
mashie : Blunt
komondor : Animal
gladiolus : Nature
okapi : Animal
enervation : Dark
diodon : Toxic
horseshow: Animal
gardener : Nature
haywood : Air
normalizer : Tech
minelayer : Earth
herbage : Nature
clout : Cutting
yellowstone : Nature
ubiquinone : Healing
superbug : Toxic
muscicapa : Animal 
milliammeter : Tech
smashing : Blunt
grate : Piercing
halocarbon : Air
forging : Cutting 
macrophage : Animal
animosity : Evil
sesamum : Nature
koala : Animal
authentication : Tech
favus : Toxic
isatis : Healing
bronchitis : Healing
toxostoma : Animal
booster : Tech
impetigo : Toxic
mycology : Nature
napalm: Fire
triode: Tech
breeze: Air
religiousness: Good
plesiosaur: Nature
mespilus : Nature
ramjet : Tech
marjoram : Nature
domination : Evil
fishpaste : Water
blackfish : Animal
dracaena : Nature
psychotria : Nature
melter : Fire
viaduct : Tech
moat : Water
woodlouse : Animal
orpine : Nature
pyromania : Fire
narcissus : Nature
moisture : Water
incineration : Fire
monsoon : Water
frankenstein : Nature
half-light : Light
farmplace : Nature
rigger : Tech
dogfish : Animal
megadeath : Death
tundra : Nature
dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane : Toxic
honor : Good
enemy : Evil
startup : Tech
merostomata : Animal
tangerine : Nature
oceanographer : Water
flush : Water
icepick : Piercing
materiel : Tech
longboat : Water
millpond : Water
